Darcy and Lizzy! A Pride and Prejudice Modern Romance 
by authoraprilf loyd 


Category: Pride and Prejudice 
Genre : Romance 
Language: English 
Status: In-Progress 
Published: 2016-04-07 09:32:10 
Updated: 2016-04-23 20:44:45 
Packaged: 2016-04-27 22:28:31 
Rating: T 
Chapters: 24 
Words : 35,917 

Publisher: www.fanfiction.net 

Summary: Lizzy Bennet finds herself between the devil and Darcy when 
her father makes a business deal with the man who broke her heart in 
college. Their youthful attraction is still there but when Darcy's 
business plans leave Lizzy cold and she overhears a conversation she 
shouldn't their road to true love runs right through dysfunction 
junction . 


1 . Chapter 1 
Chapter One 

Lizzy Bennet rolled over in bed and stared at the raindrops as they 
slid down her bedroom window. Monday morning, on its own, wasn't 
dreary enough apparently. She stretched her still sleepy body kicking 
the sheets off the bed to maximize the luxurious feeling. The weekend 
had been one to remember and she longed for a repeat. 

Her best friend. Char Lucas, had gotten engaged to Charles Bingley, a 
wealthy real estate tycoon and the swanky party at Club 338 in 
Savannah had lasted from Saturday afternoon into the wee hours of 
Sunday morning. She danced and small talked with so many eligible 
bachelors that her mother would have been hard-pressed to choose just 
one had she been present. 

Char called her Sunday evening before she left on a trip with her 
fiancee to be sure Lizzy had a key to his house in Netherfield Park. 
Char moved in with Charles months before their official engagement 
and she didn't trust the housekeeper to take care of her four-legged 
baby, Augustus, while she was away. 

Lizzy perennially shortened his name to Augie as the ninety pound lab 
was not quite as noble as his name inferred. His tastes ran to 
Charlotte's most expensive heels. Lizzy was adamant about removing 
hers and left them in her Land Rover whenever she visited, providing 
Charles with comedic material when he wished to poke fun at her 
penchant for going barefoot. 



Char had also taken time to remind her about Will Darcy. He missed 
the engagement party and Char was not happy with him, he was 
Charles's best friend after all. Lizzy had been happy he was a 
no-show . 

She recalled their college days when she became enamored with his 
good looks. Turns out Will Darcy was full of himself and Lizzy had 
not enjoyed the month in which they had _dated_. Oh, the sparks were 
undeniable, she wouldn't soon forget the hot times on the back of his 
motorcycle but apparently she hadn't the body to completely keep his 
mind from wandering. A fawning beauty with her own inheritance 
tempted him each time he crossed her path on campus. 

Lizzy would never fit that description. Her hair was a frustrating 
curly chestnut that usually ended the day windblown and out of 
control. There was no sleek bob or chic chignon in her future. 

Her legs were not so bad, though. She topped out at a little under 
six foot and her frame was slightly more filled out than was strictly 
allowed for model status. She did have the prettiest green eyes, even 
her girlfriends envied those. 

Staring at the ceiling fixture of colored glass as it swayed 
precariously, she became bored with the recounting of her physical 
assets. She flopped onto her stomach and winced at the pounding in 
her head. 

Her younger sisters were already dancing around upstairs and she 
worried her light fixture would end up crashing down around her. The 
music pierced her skull and she winced making it worse. Her mother's 
voice would soon join the thump of the dance music remix, arguing 
teenage girls, and shouts from her father. 

Ignoring the throbbing nuisance of her head, she finally rose for the 
day to go about increasing her financial assets with the hope of one 
day moving out of the Bennet home. 

She frowned at the idea of walking Augie at the end of her day. He 
would smell the other dogs, and various animals, on her scrubs and go 
nuts. She packed a duffel bag with worn jeans and a tee with AU on 
the front so as to keep the rambunctious lab a little less than full 
on crazy. 

Yet again she was thankful her father had added her room complete 
with its own small bath onto the back of the old house. He balked at 
the cost at first but when she pointed out the fact of her lateness 
to work every single day due to sharing bathing facilities with her 
three younger sisters his reluctance disappeared. 

She laughed as she remembered her mother's face when she delivered 
the news that she would follow in her father's footsteps and work 
beside him at the Bennet Animal Clinic in Meryton. She could still 
recall the vile string of words RFGB (Lizzy's shorthand for her 
mother) had let loose as she stomped after Thomas Bennet, howling her 
dismay . 

One nearly hot shower later, Lizzy pulled on her scrubs and attempted 
to tame her curls but instead opted for a loose ponytail. Satisfied 
with herself for the moment, she grabbed her duffle and scooted out 



the door. 


Kitty and Lydia rushed past her already arguing over who would drive. 
Mother had given them her old caddy and the girls hated it but it was 
obviously preferable to the big yellow bus emblazoned with the words 
Meryton School District passing their home at that moment. 

Lizzy strode quickly to her Land Rover balancing her coffee mug and 
waving pitifully at the dust cloud her sisters left in their wake. 
Mary approached pushing her glasses up on her pert nose. 

"Lizzy, may I ride with you today? Kitty and Lydia wouldn't wait for 


She sighed at the coat of dust on her brand new vehicle and threw her 
duffel into the back seat. 

"Get in, the library isn't that far from the clinic." 

She paused as she slammed the back door and watched Mary climb into 
the passenger seat. She was the quiet Bennet sister, the one who 
always had her head buried in books. Her new job at the Meryton 
Library suited her perfectly. 

Lizzy texted Jane for a quick lunch date as she climbed into the 
driver ' s seat . 

Her eldest sister had those blonde good looks Will Darcy would favor 
but she was far less impressed with wealthy men, a fact that incensed 
their mother no end since Jane had turned down numerous wealthy 
bachelors in favor of her career. 

She traveled the world on behalf of a nonprofit that sought to bring 
technology to every child on the planet. Unless a man could help her 
outfit a bush school in remote Alaska with state of the art 
computers, Jane passed them by. Yet their mother. Rose Francine 
Gardiner Bennet aka RFGB, had always regarded Lizzy as the most 
likely to become a crazy cat lady. Lizzy grinned as a thought entered 
her mind. She would have to share it the next time her mother 
attempted her matchmaking routine. 

In her mother's oft shared dreams, Jane was the one who would marry 
the perfect man and bring the perfect grandchildren straight to her 
arms. Still, Mrs. Bennet would not rest until all her daughters were 
married, preferably to men of means. 

Lizzy laughed as she pulled out of the gravel driveway and sped down 
Longbourn Lane on wet pavement. Thoughts of either she or Jane 
walking down the aisle ahead of their younger sisters was cause for 
merriment. She dropped Mary at the library with a wave and continued 
on her way. Her cousin Billy passed in his patrol car and Lizzy waved 
in spite of herself. She refused to smile at him, though. He'd been a 
thorn in her side since childhood. 

Three minutes later she pulled into her spot at the side of the 
clinic and her phoned chirped. Jane would join her for lunch, 12:30, 
at the small cafe around the corner. Lizzy texted her agreement and 
stepped out of her Land Rover tucking an already loose curl behind 
one ear. 



There were five patients in the waiting room and she stopped to speak 
with each of them. George was an orange tabby whose weight issue had 
prompted his owner, Mrs. Sefton, to bring him in for a consultation. 
Lizzy admired George's gorgeous topaz colored eyes along with his 
flirty behavior and he adored her. 

"I will see him in just a moment, Mrs. Sefton," she promised and 
smiled at the older woman. She continued through the waiting room to 
pet and pamper each animal in turn. 

Lizzy had done this since she was old enough to follow behind her 
father, leaving her mother and sisters willingly to help him tend the 
animals. He spent an inordinate amount of time at the clinic and 
Lizzy had always been his shadow. The animals were much easier to 
manage than her younger siblings. 

She heard her mother's voice as she took George from Mrs. Sefton. "Do 
tell Lizzy we shall expect her for dinner this evening, dear. Your 
guest is the perfect man for her!" 

Mrs Bennet turned and the two collided in the hallway outside Lizzy's 
exam room. George hissed at Mrs. Bennet and she took a step 
back . 

"Lizzy, dear, please do be sure to change before dinner this evening. 
Your father is having a guest, as it were, and I will not have animal 
hair floating about everywhere." 

She gave a small sneeze into her handkerchief and bustled past, a 
woman on a mission. Lizzy put George into the exam room and went to 
speak with her father. 

"Daddy, why would you let mother think I will sit still for yet 
another round of matchmaking? You remember how the last one turned 
out , I believe . " 

Thomas Bennet lowered his spectacles and glanced her way. "Never mind 
all that Lizzy. It is a business dinner and since you are the other 
half of the Bennet Animal Clinic it only makes sense that you would 
be present." 

She eyed her father cautiously. "Why haven't you mentioned this 
before? The clinic is in fine shape financially and we have a loyal 
customer base due to your years of dedication and my genuine love of 
veterinary medicine." 

"That may be so, my dear, but time marches on and I am not getting 
any younger, you know. I want to be certain you are able to carry on 
when the time comes for me to retire." He nodded at her, his fingers 
busy riffling through pages of accounts. Patient charts were spread 
all over his desk. 

She did not like to think of his retirement. In her heart, he would 
always be here at the clinic working beside her. In reality she knew 
he was right. He deserved to retire one day, far into the future, and 
he was only trying to be certain the clinic would remain in her 
hands . 

"I may be a bit late for dinner so try and keep Mother calm if you 
can manage it. I have to go by the Bingley place and check on Augie. 



Char is certain the maid will do as little as possible for him, not 
that I blame the poor woman. He's eaten up her favorite shopping tote 
and three cellphones since Char moved in." 

Mr. Bennet laughed. "Well, he is a labrador after all. No matter what 
they will usually chew up a house." 

Lizzy laughed with him and stepped over to plant a kiss on his cheek. 
"The waiting room was nearly full when I came in and I must get back 
to George, you know." 

Lizzy left her father to his plans and walked back down the hallway. 
She worried about the plans he'd set in motion regarding Bennet 
Animal Clinic but there was work to be done. 


2 . Chapter 2 
Chapter Two 

Lizzy finished with her furry patients promptly at noon and washed 
up. She finger combed her unruly hair before poking her head into her 
father's office. 

"Want to come have lunch with Jane?" she asked as she applied lip 
balm, a curious habit she'd begun in her teen years. 

"No thanks, daughter dearest. I want to have these figures committed 
to memory before dinner tonight, " he answered as he tapped a finger 
to his forehead. 

Lizzy sighed and turned to leave. She stopped and pivoted around. 
"Daddy, at least eat a sandwich, please? Mother sent some over an 
hour ago." He glanced up and saluted her before returning to his 
task . 

She gave him the look her mother used when she was not being 
charitable and continued down the hallway. Her father's behavior was 
beginning to become worrisome. She had never seen him so focused on 
daily reports, monthly invoices, and their inventory turn-around 
averages. Those were the duties that fell to Ellis, their business 
manager . 

Lizzy stepped out into the sunlight happy to see the rain had stopped 
while she was busy indoors. She didn't mind the rain all that much 
except for the number it did on her hair. On cue, a few curls broke 
loose and she pushed out her bottom lip to blow them out of her 
eyes . 

She saw the bright candy-apple red sports car at the stop sign across 
the street and turned her head away. If she remembered correctly. 

Will Darcy owned a similar car. She lowered her sunglasses and 
continued her stride to the cafe. Jane was sitting outside smiling 
her usual mega watt smile, apparently happy to see her. 

"Lizzy! Come sit, I'm starving!" Jane called as the sports car pulled 
alongside Lizzy on the street. She ignored the roar of the engine and 
kept her stride even. "I'll never understand how you can scarf down a 
double cheeseburger, fries, and a strawberry milkshake and still look 
like a cover girl!" 



Jane laughed and shook her head, her blonde hair catching the sun's 
rays. If Lizzy did not know her she would certainly dislike her on 
looks alone. But Jane was a sweet soul, a real do-gooder, the kind of 
person that everyone truly loved. 

"There's nothing wrong with your figure, Lizzy. I think that man 
revving his engine is trying to gain your attention." 

Jane giggled as she nodded at the man and waved. Lizzy sank into her 
seat mortified by her sister's actions. "Jane! Don't encourage him! 
Stop this instant!" 

"Oh, Lizzy, you're too beautiful to spend all your time smooching 
puppies and cuddling kittens. A warm-blooded man can be a bit of fun. 
Especially when he's desirous of your company." Jane flipped her hair 
like a teenager and batted her long eyelashes at her sister. 

"Oh do tell! How many wealthy, handsome bachelors have you refused 
now - two, three? That's two more than my sad track record," Lizzy 
scoffed. Jane waved for their waiter, instantly gaining the man's 
attention and the sisters ordered the most decadent burgers on the 
menu . 

"I am famished!" Lizzy admitted realizing the coffee she had before 
work had long since served its purpose. "I tried to get daddy to come 
along but he's obsessing over the clinic. Apparently there's a 
business dinner I'm supposed to attend this evening. Something about 
making sure the clinic is well in hand before he retires." 

Jane glanced away, fidgeting with the small diamond necklace her last 
paramour had given her on a whim. "Wait a minute!" Lizzy said, her 
eyes narrowing, "what do you know that I don't?" 

"Lizzy, it's nothing really. Daddy wants to be certain the clinic 
isn't a burden when he retires. There are the two of you during the 
week and you're the one to take calls on the weekend. I think he 
worries the clinic is your life. He could be right." 

Jane met Liza's stare this time, unflinching. 

"Well, he has a point. So what if I love my work? We do have two 
assistants and I'm not neglecting children or a husband. And my 
personal life is fine, I think." 

Jane started to disagree but closed her mouth instead. She was in no 
position to point out Lizzy's single status since she quite enjoyed 
her own. But she was free to walk away from the nonprofit when the 
time came. Lizzy would never dream of leaving the clinic. 

Lizzy stopped playing with her straw and looked up at her sister. 
"You're right. The clinic is my life and everyone around me is dating 
the most fabulous men or jetting off on fabulous holidays." 

Jane laughed at this and patted her sister's hand. "No, they aren't, 
Lizzy. Char is the only friend you have who is engaged to a fabulous 
man and I'm the only person you know who jets off anywhere and I 
don't go on holidays, I assure you." 


Lizzy sighed. "I'll be there tonight but I have to go by Bingley's 



place first and walk Angle. I promised Char." 

Jane smiled and then realized an important fact. 

"Doesn't Will Darcy live near there? Wonder if he walks his own 
dogs?" Jane laughed and ducked as a french fry sailed past her 
head . 

"Don't play with your food young lady!" she said in her best 
impersonation of their mother. 

The lush, tree-lined street wound continually upwards before her. 
Lizzy shifted gears and enjoyed the scenery. She and Jane used to 
joyride through this part of town dreaming about which house would be 
theirs. Jane's last boyfriend lived farther up the hill than Charles 
Bingley. Sister dear had come close to their teen 
dreams . 

Netherfield Park, the oldest neighborhood in Meryton, was home to the 
town's wealthiest denizens. The homes were much more refined and 
traditional than the numerous upscale modern buildings that had 
sprung up on the other side of town. She sighed at the workout Augie 
would surely provide up and down these hills. Why had she promised to 
do this for Char for two whole weeks? 

Maybe she could find a neighbor kid and pay them some crazy amount of 
money? She laughed out loud at the idea. Not in this neighborhood! 

She pulled into the Bingley driveway and stopped to enjoy the 
landscaping in front. Lizzy envied Char at times like this. 

She heard Augie barking his cute little head off inside the house and 
made sure her laces were tight. She was almost to the front door when 
it flew open and the chocolate bundle of slobbering joy nearly 
knocked her flat. "Augie, you sweet doggie!" she cried as she 
wrestled him happily. She clipped on a leash and stood to dust off 
her jeans. He made a dive for her shoes but since they were only 
tennies he lost interest as quickly as he'd sniffed them. She waved 
as the housekeeper quickly closed the door. 

"Char, I hope you know you owe me BIG TIME!" she said as she was 
pulled hastily towards the street. Augie needed to smell, taste, and 
pee on everything in sight. After the first fifteen minutes Lizzy's 
eyes glazed over. Yes, she was a veterinarian but labs never paid her 
much attention when she tried to help them work out their 
rambunctious natures. 

She was turning the corner when another dog became entangled with 
Augie. She might have known this was coming. 

"Augie!" she called trying to plant her feet and hold steady on the 
leash. She looked up to find she was face to face with none other 
than Will Darcy. 

"Imagine meeting you here. Miss Bennett." 

She glanced at him momentarily as she tried to untangle the two 
dogs . 

"Could you give me hand?" she asked testily as she got between the 
two dogs. Mr. Darcy bent down to pick up a darling little Bichon 



Friese . 


"Such a sweet little dog you have there, " Lizzy said as she smiled at 
him. "Not a very masculine choice, but, " she stopped to analyze the 
situation, "she, yes she, is beautiful." 

Mr. Darcy began to speak when Augie jumped on Lizzy's back knocking 
her into him, their lips inches apart. 

She froze from sheer embarrassment. She struggled to keep Augie by 
her side as he tried to wiggle out of her grasp. Mr. Darcy looked 
into her bright green eyes and smiled. 

"You still have the nicest smile." 

"Thanks, I think," she said as she backed away, afraid if she didn't 
she might kiss him without regret. He stared at her as he stood with 
the little dog in his arms. 

"What's her name?" Lizzy asked, trying to fill the awkward 
silence . 

Mr. Darcy snuggled the dog and kissed the top of her head. "Her name 
is Lola and she belongs to my sister." 

"The perfect name for such a sweet, pampered girl!" Lizzy cooed to 
the dog as she let the pooch smell her free hand. Augie jumped up 
again vying for her attention and so she turned to him. 

"Yes, Augie, you are such a sweet boy! Yes you are." She guided him 
to a sitting position and managed to untangle his leash. 

"You have a way with animals. Miss Bennet . " 

She gazed at him her eyes wandering the planes of his handsome face. 
She checked an impulse to move closer to him. He held out a hand and 
she stared for a moment. 

"I guess choosing to be a veterinarian was the right call, 
then . " 

She took his hand and was struck by the size and warmth of it. How 
had she forgotten the feel of his hands? Hmmm, she thought, a man 
with big hands handles things with care. She almost laughed out loud 
but caught herself just in time. _No need to get giddy over the man's 
hands Lizzy_, she chided herself. 

What she would not get over was that meeting last summer on the 
Bingley yacht. Darcy arrived with a leggy blonde who made Lizzy the 
butt of all her jokes. He'd been too busy with Charles and mingling 
with the crowd to notice the mean girl he'd brought along and dumped 
in her lap. 

"I hope to see you again soon. Miss Bennet, but I fear I must be 
going. I have a meeting this evening." 

He turned and set Lola down continuing with their walk. Lizzy watched 
them go and then gave in to Augie straining against his leash. 

Half an hour later she was dripping sweat and smelled of dog from 



head to toe. She turned and led Augie back to the Bingley house and 
wrestled him indoors. She made sure he was fed and watered and then 
let him out to the back yard so she might search Char's closet in 
peace. She wasn't going to resist the many beautiful things she knew 
to be hanging there. 

As fortune would have it. Char's closet stood open. She must have 
hurriedly packed for her glamorous trip and forgot to close it. 
Luckily, Augie had not been permitted in the room by the maid as 
Char's shoes remained intact. 

Lizzy felt not an ounce of remorse as she ran hot water into the huge 
jetted tub in the adjacent bathroom. She glanced around and sighed. 
Her bathroom at home would fit into this one at least three times 
over. Oh well, she could soak and pretend to be the lady of the house 
for at least a half hour! 


3 . Chapter 3 
Chapter Three 

Thirty minutes. Not as bad as her customary late arrival but her 
mother would not be pleased. Lizzy frowned as she pulled up the 
gravel drive to find a little red sports car parked in her usual 
spot. It looked a lot like the one she and Jane had seen earlier at 
lunch . 

She stepped gingerly from her car making sure one kitten-heeled foot 
was on firm ground before swinging her other leg out. She had chosen 
a form-fitting plum colored chemise that flattered her curvaceous 
figure. She smiled as she thought of how long her legs looked in 
Char's mirror earlier. She just might keep the dress, and the strappy 
sandals, as payment for her expertise with Augie. 

Her hair was a messy updo, the curls already loose at the back of her 
neck from the mild humidity of the evening. She refused to wear more 
than lip gloss on her face in this heat. While she wished to look 
entirely feminine, she did not do make-up more than was absolutely 
necessary. Luckily, her peaches and cream complexion made that an 
easy choice. 

Mr. Bennet stood on the front porch with a tall man. The shadows of 
the evening made it difficult to see clearly and so she walked 
confidently up to Will Darcy before she realized it was him. She 
decided to continue with her bravado and took his offered hand with a 
bit too much force, swaying on her kitten heels as she fought to keep 
her equilibrium. 

Darcy smiled, the crease of his dimples making his strong jawline 
even more evident. Blasted man! Lizzy put a hand against his shoulder 
to steady herself and he slipped an arm about her waist, leaning 
closer. "You don't smell like you've been drinking so it must be my 
cologne that has you reeling." 

Mr. Bennet coughed to cover his laughter. 

Lizzy stepped back ruefully. The arm about her waist had gone to her 
head. She shot her father a withering glance before turning back to 
Darcy. "Is that your cologne? I thought it smelled a bit like bug 



spray. Daddy has a habit of spraying it about to keep pests 
away . " 

"Lizzy, this is Will Darcya€ 1 " her father began the introductions but 
Lizzy stopped him. "We've met. Mr. Darcy and Mr. Bingley are old 
friends . " 

Mr. Bennet smiled. "Perhaps that will make our business dealings 
easier. Lizzy's best friend is engaged to Mr. Bingley." 

Mr. Darcy nodded. "I find Miss Lucas to be quite charming, in her 
way. I was sorry to miss their engagement party this past 
weekend . " 

Lizzy smiled coldly. "I did wonder what happened when Char mentioned 
you were invited. She seems to think you are quite the catch." 

Mr. Darcy's eyes twinkled with merriment. "She has been eager to 
introduce me to a friend of hers. I wonder if you might know the 
woman. Charlotte tells me she is a charming beauty with a terrible 
habit of working long hours." 

Lizzy's smile slowly faded and she shifted her feet so that she was 
standing closer to her father. She wondered why he didn't mention the 
clinic when they spoke earlier. Surely he might have put two and two 
together? 

Mrs. Bennet came to the door, her voice carrying out into the yard. 

"I see our Lizzy has decided to attend. Mr. Darcy, please do come in. 
Mr. Bennet and his favorite daughter would keep you on the porch all 
evening, I fear." 

Mr. Darcy took Mrs. Bennet ' s arm and followed her inside. Lizzy 
glanced to her father. He shrugged his shoulders as if he had no hand 
in the matchmaking plots of his wife. 

Mrs. Bennet embarrassed Lizzy with her praise of Mr. Darcy's handsome 
face and strong physique as the two of them entered the dining 
room . 

Lizzy tapped a toe and crossed her arms, staring at her father. "You 
knew our guest this evening was Mr. Darcy, did you not?" 

He moved for the front door but Lizzy managed to step in front of him 
in spite of those kitten heels that were anything but cute to walk 
in. Char loved the devilish things, judging by the sheer number of 
them in her closet. 

"Lizzy, I thought you might have reservations about the meeting and 
if I said Mr. Darcy was involved you wouldn't come. I know you say 
you don't care for him but your mouth should inform the rest of your 
body of that fact." 

Lizzy started to speak a number of times but could not deny the words 
her father spoke. If it were so obvious to him Mr. Darcy must have 
picked up on it as well. She turned slowly and removed the awful 
shoes before going inside to face the evening's festivities. 


The dinner table was stunning. Her mother had put their best on 
display and Lizzy felt a little embarrassed at the effort. Her 



younger sisters must be out, at least Kitty and Lydia, for the house 
was much too quiet. 


Her mother, having possibly read her mind, began her fussing 
immediately and the quiet was broken just that soon. 

"Come here Lizzy! What has happened to your shoes? This is an 
important dinner for your father. Please, at least keep your feet 
under the table." 

Lizzy sat, biting her lip, hopeful that she might keep her mother 
from having one of her customary anxiety attacks. 

Mr. Darcy came around the table and sat beside her. Oh well, he 
would, wouldn't he! She made certain no parts of their anatomy might 
touch during dinner by scooting her chair over ever so slightly. Her 
mother shot her a look and she grudgingly moved her chair back an 
inch. Mr. Darcy had a good chuckle out of the show. 

"Miss Bennet, Lizzy, if I may, " he stopped, looking to her for 
approval and causing her to stare into his eyes. The desire she saw 
there made her blush and she cleared her throat. "You may call me 
Lizzy, everyone does." 

"Lizzy, are you aware of why your father and I are meeting here 
tonight?" He moved his arm to the back of her chair. His cologne, 
which was quite enticing and not at all like bug spray, filled her 
personal space and she felt a strong attraction to him. If she could 
have put her feet in his lap she would have. 

She found herself irritated at her weakness and put that thought away 
before she might act upon it. Trying to remember his question proved 
more difficult by the second but she gave it her best try. "I believe 
it has something to do with the clinic and my father's 
retirement ? " 

"Yes, yes, it does. Your father would like for the clinic to remain 
solvent and operable with you at the helm but that would require you 
to work many long hours." Mr. Darcy watched her face for any 
reaction . 

"Well, of course, the clinic has a robust clientele and we rarely 
have open appointments. I believe I could manage it on my own. Maybe 
hire another vet after father has retired." Lizzy knew dinner was 
about to be served and wondered where her parents had gone. 

"Yes, you would need to hire staff and I have just the person to be 
of a great help to you." 

Lizzy turned her head to meet his gaze once more, but this time she 
was all business, no flirting. "And who might that be, Mr. 

Darcy? 

"My sister Georgiana has finished her degree at Auburn. When your 
father contacted me with his concerns I thought what better solution 
than my sister joining the business, so to speak. Georgiana is 
wonderful with animals and quite a lovely young lady." 

Lizzy scoffed at his words. "While I am certain that your sister is a 
_lovely young lady_, as you put it, I would need an experienced 



veterinarian. Training a newly minted graduate would be more work for 
me in the long run, I fear." Satisfied that she had put the matter to 
rest, Lizzy rose from the table and left Mr. Darcy alone in the 
dining room. 

What could her father be thinking? Certainly not about her feelings 
on the matter! She hurried into the kitchen and found her parents. 
Aunt Phillips glanced gratefully in her direction. Of course her 
mother would have prevailed upon the best cook in the family 
tonight . 

"Daddy! Mr. Darcy has informed me of the plan for the clinic and I 
must say I'm baffled and a bit more than disappointed." 

Mr. Bennet took Mrs. Bennet by the arm and hurried for the kitchen 
door. "Come along Lizzy, dinner is served," Mrs. Bennet said as they 
passed . 

"Daddy!" Lizzy called, her voice booming through the open doorway. 

She shook her head in frustration and grabbed the wine glass offered 
by her aunt. "Your father means well, child." 

"That may be so but dealing with Mr. Darcy will not end well." She 
downed the glass of wine and reluctantly left the kitchen. How had 
she fallen for this dinner meeting? Jane would have come up with a 
last minute flight as an excuse and their parents would have assured 
her that her work came first. 

An idea flickered in Lizzy's head and she plotted to escape before 
her father had her agreeing to his scheme. She would pretend to have 
received a text from a worried client and leave dinner early! Happily 
she joined her parents and Mr. Darcy in the dining room. She decided 
to at least get the first round of dinner in before making her 
excuses . 

"Mr. Darcy, I believe your solution to the issues facing the clinic 
is one we might like to try before we buy, so to speak. A new doctor 
of veterinary medicine is an asset, to be sure, but we need to see 
how she gets along with Lizzy," Mr. Bennet said and smiled as dinner 
arrived, sparing a glance for his daughter. 

Lizzy returned his smile knowing that she could easily dispatch 
Georgiana Darcy when the time came. It was evident her father and Mr. 
Darcy had come to an agreement without her and this was their way of 
attempting to placate her. 

"Daddy, now that you put it that way, I might agree to this solution 
but I wonder at Mr. Darcy's stake in the outcome." She glanced across 
the table her eyes taken by his charming smile. She did not trust the 
man. He was too handsome by far and her attraction to him was 
confounding. If the man appealed to her so completely there was bound 
to be heartache to go around. 

"Mr. Bennet, if I may speak to your daughter's concerns?" Mr Darcy 
turned his gaze to Lizzy once more. 

"My stake, as you put it, is seeing my sister settled doing what she 
loves best. I ran the financials for the clinic and found it to be a 
thriving business for this area. I then had my team assess your 
customer satisfaction rates and the credentials held by you and your 



father. Needless to say, I was greatly impressed." 


Lizzy stared at his lips as he spoke and found her heart beating a 
bit quickly for having had only one glass of wine. It must be his 
physical presence combined with her lack of male 
companionship . 

"Lizzy? Have you heard a word I've said?" Mr. Darcy asked, a 
satisfied smile appearing as he watched her stare at his face. 

"Why yes, I have. You find our clinic satisfactory for your needs and 
would be grateful to have your sister in our employ. Does that cover 
it?" 


"That begins to cover my interests, yes. However I hope to play a 
greater role as we go along." 

Lizzy sighed. She hoped he would play a greater role in her bedroom 
and not in her business since the deal was apparently all but 
done . 

She was unhappy about it but she could play ball with the big boys. 
But she also meant to muddy the waters with Mr. Darcy so as to 
satisfy her libido and perhaps sour him on keeping a close, personal 
interest in the clinic. He watched the wheels turning in her head and 
shifted uncomfortably in his seat as she licked her lips. 

She quite forgot her plan to lie about a client in need when her 
phone buzzed in her bag. The lovely jeweled clutch was Char's 
favorite and it matched the dress and shoes perfectly. The continuing 
buzz demanded she leave the room. 

"Excuse me, this might be important." She rose from the table and 
managed to exit gracefully. She checked the screen to find it was 
Char calling. She debated on answering and decided to text 
instead . 

_Sorry. Dinner with the folks and Mr. Darcy. _ 

Char immediately replied. _Mr . Darcy? !_ 

Lizzy sighed. She should have left that part out. She moved on to the 
topic she was certain Char wished to discuss. 

_Augie is fine. Can I call tomorrow? _ 

Char replied. _Oh, thank you love. Of course. Go enjoy your company. 


She returned to the dining room to find Kitty and Lydia flirting 
shamelessly with Mr. Darcy. Was she so annoyingly teen when she was a 
teenager? 

"Ladies, Mr. Darcy is our guest." 

The girls glanced at Lizzy and smiled their patented smiles at full 
power in her direction. Everyone in the Bennet family fell for the 
act except Lizzy and they knew it. 

"We'll be going as soon as you hand over the keys to the Range, 



dearest Lizzy," Lydia said as Kitty dove for her clutch. 


She almost denied them but Mr. Darcy broke into the sibling fray. "I 
hoped we might take a drive after dinner, Lizzy." 

She smiled at him, her body tingling at the idea of being alone with 
him. 

"In that case, you two may borrow my car but you must be back before 
your curfew with not a scratch on it and not on empty either." 

The girls hugged her tightly and left the dining room as they had 
entered, happy and totally self-absorbed. 

Lizzy finished dinner with news that Georgiana would arrive home in 
the next week. Mr. Bennet nodded and sought to offer his daughter an 
olive branch. "She may start when Lizzy finds time to shadow her, Mr. 
Darcy. I am sure you would rather get her settled her in Meryton 
before her first day at the clinic." 

Mr. Darcy nodded and the party moved to the living room. Lizzy was 
eager to leave and Mr. Darcy sensed her energy from across the room. 
She dangled the sexy kitten heels from one finger and moved to hug 
her mother. "I must go put these away!" 

Lizzy left them for a moment but returned with a pair of hiking 
boots. She tugged them on and addressed her father. 

"I won't be in tomorrow, if you recall, and I may be late getting 
home," she glanced at Mr. Darcy, her eyes softer since dinner. He 
thought he saw a flicker of interest before she turned away. 

"Mr. Bennet, Mrs. Bennet, it has been a pleasure to dine with your 
family this evening. I'm pleased we've reached an agreement 
satisfactory to all parties involved. I'll return your daughter home 
safely, and Mr. Bennet if you require further discussion please do 
ring my office." 

Mr. and Mrs. Bennet walked the young people out to the porch and 
waved as they pulled from the drive. "She's taken with him, Mr. 
Bennet!" Mrs. Bennet declared. 

He nodded, putting his arm around his wife. "So she is, Mrs. Bennet." 
Rose Francine Gardiner Bennet embraced her beloved husband and kissed 
him deeply. 

"Like mother, like daughter!" He teased as she led him back inside 
closing the door behind them. 


4 . Chapter 4 
Chapter Four 

Darcy glanced at Lizzy as he drove through the winding streets of 
Meryton. "You'll enjoy working with Georgiana. She's a natural with 
animals . " 

Lizzy sighed and stretched her long legs, enjoying the luxury of his 
sporty little automobile. There was much more room than she 



expected . 


She turned and gazed at his profile. The strong line of his jaw 
distracted her as did his hands upon the steering wheel. She recalled 
the heat that had enveloped her body when he held her against him 
during an old football game all those years ago. 

"Darcy, let's not pretend this business deal is something I'm happy 
about. For my father's sake. I'll give your sister the benefit of the 
doubt . " 

His smile tightened and Lizzy sighed. 

"I don't want to fight a battle I can't win," she said softly and 
turned her head to gaze out the passenger window. 

Mr. Darcy slowed the car and pulled into the empty parking lot of a 
small lake. The sound of crickets served as the perfect soundtrack 
and Lizzy noted the fullness of the moon above. 

She dearly loved Lake Mistake. She recalled summer nights spent with 
her sisters catching fireflies and later gossiping with Jane about 
John Lucas, their high school quarterback dreamboat crush. 

Darcy parked and turned to face her, his eyes causing her heart to 
wish for things she might never have. 

Lizzy opened her door and stepped out, eager to move about before she 
allowed herself a taste of his gorgeous lips. He followed her lead 
wishing he might make peace with the lovely lady before the night was 
over . 

"Do you know this place. Miss Bennet? There was a lovely expression 
on your face a moment ago when you realized where we were." 

Lizzy smiled. Here she was in an intimate setting with a handsome man 
and he wanted to know about the things that made her happy. She could 
do much worse. 

"I do. Please call me Lizzy. "Miss Bennet" reminds me of the fact 
that I am quickly becoming an old maid. My mother does that often 
enough on her own." 

He stepped closer his arm out like a gentleman of old and she took 
it, charmed by the gesture. Perhaps she might pretend he was 
interested in her and forget that it was purely business between 
them. She stared into his eyes and stifled a laugh at her own silly 
notion . 

Mr. Darcy walked slowly allowing Lizzy to lead the way. He inhaled 
the soft hint of lavender when she turned her head. The lovely scent 
signaled an acute need in his brain. Once upon a time she'd melted in 
his arms and if he had any say in the matter she would again. 

"How did you decide to become a veterinarian?" he asked, deciding to 
leave the topic of his sister for another time. Business was the last 
thing he wished to pursue with her arm tucked sweetly into his 
own . 

Lizzy kicked a rock with the toe of her boot and shrugged her 



shoulders. "I always wanted to be just like my father. He's so 
patient and kind, the opposite of mother." 

She paused and smiled in the darkness as she allowed Mr. Darcy inside 
her head. 

"I remember once there was this kitten Jane found under our front 
porch. The poor thing was the runt of the litter and so tiny. I took 
him upstairs in a towel and fed him from my fingertips. Jane was so 
worried ! " 

Mr. Darcy watched her speak and the movement of her full lips caused 
him much distraction. 

"But he was fine. Just a little scrap of a kitten. Daddy found us and 
returned the kitten to his mother. He decided to take me under his 
wing at that point. He was worried I might start my own clinic in our 
bedroom . " 

Mr. Darcy chuckled. Georgie had done much the same when she was 
younger. "So there is a tender heart beating there," he whispered as 
his eyes met hers. 

Lizzy dropped his arm and stepped away. 

"Mr Darcy . . " 

"Please, call me Darcy. Mister is too formal on your lips." 

She caught her breath as his gorgeous green eyes lingered on her 
face. "Darcy," she said, her words escaping as a whisper causing the 
blush on her cheeks to brighten. 

She took his hand and hurried down the path. He followed, complicit 
in the magic between them. Lizzy stopped suddenly and stood shoulder 
to shoulder with him, nodding at the sight before them. 

The moon shone brightly on the lake, its reflection a perfect disc in 
the dark waters below. Lizzy sighed and removed her boots. Darcy 
watched with amused interest. 

"Lizzy, surely you aren'ta€l" 

She stepped behind the azaleas and moments later her dress flew his 
way. He caught the slinky garment and threw it over his shoulder. A 
bemused grin danced slowly across his face. So, she wanted to be the 
seductress . 

He stepped closer to the flowering bush but jumped when she moved the 
branches. Lizzy laughed and rushed into the lake. 

Darcy whistled his appreciation at her strong form cutting through 
the water. He could not recall an evening quite like this with a 
beautiful woman tempting him into a moonlit swim. 

"Come in Darcy! Or can't you swim?" she called as she stood. 

He caught his breath at the sight of her. Her body was beautiful. 
Curvy with a hint of muscle. Lizzy Bennet did not survive on salads 
and the idea pleased him. 



She crossed her arms in front of her body, shy at his apparent 
approval. He was darling standing there on the bank in his expensive 
suit with her dress over his shoulder. Lizzy laughed and splashed a 
wave of water his way but he was quick on his feet. 

She dove in once more her plan to lure him forming as she swam 
strongly away. 

Darcy peered across the stillness of the lake, expecting her to 
surface, his feet poised to move should she attempt another splash. 

He found himself becoming worried after several seconds passed 
without her reappearance. 

He kicked off his shoes and stripped off his suit jacket, his tie 
joining the pile growing at his feet. 

"Lizzy!" he called, his voice holding a tremor of fear. 

By this time, his shirt and slacks were discarded and he rushed into 
the water with a growing fear clutching at his heart. 

She surfaced a few feet from him and dove beneath the water once 
more. He remained still for but a moment before going after her. They 
surfaced together moments later and Lizzy couldn't hide her 
amusement . 

"Land sakes ! _The_ Will Darcy skinny dipping with Lizzy Bennet . 
There's one for the Meryton Gazette!" 

Darcy laughed and pulled her closer, brushing the wet hair from her 
forehead. "What do you think a kiss plastered on the front page would 
do for the readership?" 

Lizzy's eyes grew darker as she contemplated his question. "I know, 
the headline could read Big Mistake at Lake Mistake." 

Darcy pulled her closer, ignoring her attempts to maintain some 
distance. "We aren't exactly naked and there's been no mistake made as 
far as I can tell. Lake Mistake, hmmm?" 

Lizzy laughed and placed a hand upon his chest. Her heart skipped a 
beat before she spoke again. "This is a man-made lake and there was a 
time it was allowed to become infested and overgrown, thus the 
Mistake part of its name." 

"Do you think it would be a mistake for me to kiss you now?" Darcy 
whispered, the bass of his voice reaching to the tips of her toes. 
Breathing deeply, she found herself drowning for real in the green 
depths of his eyes. 

Lizzy considered his query for a moment. Would the kiss be a mistake 
or would the mistake be in not kissing this gorgeous man? Recalling 
her consternation during dinner, she felt a kiss was the least he 
could do to rectify the situation. 

Lizzy moved her arms to circle his neck and bent her head just so. 
Darcy smiled and leaned in closer. Lizzy closed her eyes when his 
lips approached so when she felt a stinging slap on her forehead she 
was completely disoriented and not a little peeved. 



"What was that?" she yelled and swatted at him. 


"There was this huge mosquito on your forehead. I couldn't let him 
bite you ! " 

Lizzy splashed away and made for the shore. How had she allowed him 
to get so close, so quickly? Yes, there was the undeniable fact of 
his unmistakable virility coupled with the unavoidable truth of her 
pitiful love life, but still. 

And the business deal he'd made with her father! She had allowed his 
sexy smile and her willingness to jump into a lake cloud her 
judgment. She stomped around on the bank gathering her dress and 
boots . 

"Take me home. Will Darcy!" she called as she slipped her feet inside 
the boots. 

She turned in time to see him walking slowly from the water. His body 
was incredible. She felt her knees go weak and took a deep breath. 

She imagined her hands moving over his well muscled chest down to 
those rock hard abs . 

"My home or yours?" he asked as he came to stand beside her. 

Lizzy licked her lips nervously and he swept in at that moment and 
caught her lips in the sweetest kiss. He began to pull away, just 
breaking contact and Lizzy shook her head. 

_Not yet, Darcy_, she thought as she closed the distance and stared 
into his eyes. Lizzy bit his bottom lip gently, teasing him, drawing 
out the pleasure of seduction. 

Darcy moaned but remained still. She pressed her body against his and 
kissed him deeply thrilled with the way he reacted. 

_Um, hmmmm take me home Mr. Darcy_, she thought as she held his 
handsome face in her hands . 

"Lizzy Bennet ! " 

The voice of Sheriff Billy Collins broke the silence of the night as 
he swept his flashlight in an arc around them. 

Lizzy jumped away from Darcy trying to cover her wet undergarments 
with the woefully inadequate barrier of her arms and hands. 


5 . Chapter 5 

"Public indecency, possible inebriation, lewd behavioraC 1 " Sheriff 
Collins ticked off each infraction as he stood trying not to grin at 
the couple. 

Darcy handed his suit jacket to Lizzy and led her to the azalea bush. 
She blushed deeply and ducked behind the fragrant flowers once 
more . 

"Sheriff, I am sure we can discuss this." 



Lizzy peered through the petals and leaves of her hideout and watched 
as Darcy buttoned his shirt and then methodically buckled his belt. 

He was not the least bit ruffled by the fact that he was dressing in 
front of the sheriff. 

Billy Collins swung his light to the azalea bush and Lizzy ducked her 
head . 

"I imagine we might, but since Lizzy is my cousin I would rest easier 
if you just went on home, sir. I'll see to it that she gets home 
safely and let you go with a warning, this time." 

Lizzy sighed deeply. Lord have mercy! 

Her cousin would wake up the Bennet household and be sure she was 
marched before her parents in nothing but Darcy's jacket and her 
boots. She wasn't seventeen anymore! 

"Billy," she said as she stepped from behind the bush, "Mr. Darcy can 
take me home. Mother and Daddy will not be amused at this late 
hour . " 

Sheriff Billy Collins tucked his flashlight under one arm and pulled 
the pen from behind his ear. 

"Have it your way, Lizzy." 

He began writing on the big pad he had pulled from his back pocket 
and Darcy shot her a look, his eyebrows raised. 

"Billy, stop! Take me home. Please." 

Billy stared at her to be sure she wasn't sassing him with that last 
word. He grinned and motioned for her to lead the way back to the 
parking lot. Darcy took her hand and nodded to her cousin before 
walking up the path with her. 

Billy was talking some mess behind them, the man always did run his 
mouth too much, and Lizzy bit her lip. It would not pay to argue with 
him now. She was busted. 

Darcy squeezed her hand and held back a laugh. 

The red and blue lights strobing across the parking lot made her 
angrier. Seriously? 

Darcy placed a quick kiss on her hand and walked slowly to his car. 
Lizzy was mortified by Billy's foolishness. She was certain there was 
no APB out for wayward adults that required him to use the lights of 
his cruiser. 

"Great detective work, Billy. Breaking up a party of two consenting 
adults . " 

"Get in the car Lizzy. We'll see what Uncle Thomas and Aunt Franny 
think of _consenting_ adults." 

Lizzy opened the front passenger side door and Billy shook his 
head . 



"Back seat ma'am, you're in my custody." 


Lizzy considered simply walking away from him. He wouldn't dare anger 
her father by putting her name in the papers or writing her a ticket. 
But the wine at dinner, and the swim, mixed with the anticipation of 
getting close to Will Darcy crashed down on her and she sighed before 
stepping into the back of his cruiser. 

"Could you at least kill the lights, Billy? The chief might have a 
heart attack if he thinks you've done a lick of work tonight." 

He dangled the handcuffs as he got into the drivers seat and Lizzy 
promptly closed her mouth. Her cousin was in turns twisted and an 
expert on getting her goat. She dared not goad him further. All she 
really wanted was to go home and pass out on her big, soft bed. And 
dream of Will Darcy. 

"What in blazes were you doing out here skinny-dipping with Will 
Darcy? 

Lizzy bit her tongue, hoping he might just drive her home and let it 
go at a warning. That was apparently not the plan. 

"I would have thought Uncle Thomas and Aunt Franny had raised you 
better, cuz. I guess I was wrong." 

Elizabeth found the edge of her nerves and Billy was sitting right on 
them bouncing around like a kid coming off a sugar high. 

"We were not _skinny-dipping_. No one else was around. All you had to 
do was drive on by and mind your business." 

He started the car and laughed a for a minute before crowing, "As if! 
I wonder if your Daddy would feel the same?" 

Lizzy bit her tongue, knowing any further argument with her cousin 
was pointless. He caught her red-handed and there had never a time 
when Billy Collins could resist pointing out her failings to her 
parents . 

"So, how is your mama? She hasn't been to visit for at least a 
week . " 

Billy shrugged his shoulders. 

"How would I know? Mama came home from your house the last time and 
cussed for a solid hour. Aunt Franny said something about her cobbler 
recipe and they fought over heaven knows what else. I've never seen 
two sisters fight they way they do." 

Lizzy snorted in disbelief. Billy's sisters were far worse than her 
own, and that was saying a lot. 

"Wasn't that you between Cora and Adeline last week outside the post 
office? " 

Billy sighed as he turned his cruiser into her parent's 
driveway . 



"Lizzy, you know Cora and Adeline are just like Mama and Aunt Franny. 
And Kitty and Lydia. All the women in this family think they know 
more than anybody else and they're all just as crazy as a pack of 
loony birds . " 

She ignored his laments about his female relatives because her Range 
was not in the driveway. She glanced to the clock on his 
dashboard . 

"See, this is where you don't make sense, Billy. You have me in your 
car, a GROWN woman, while my teenage sisters are driving around 
Meryton past curfew." 

Billy shook his head and picked up the receiver on his police 
radio . 

"You know we have more officers. Let me put a call in for Roy to keep 
an eye out and send them home." 

Lizzy slammed the car door and stalked to the house, leaving Billy in 
the cruiser. Maybe if she got inside and locked the door he would 
just go away. 

The porch light came on and she groaned. Between her curfew-breaking 
sisters and deputy dog rushing up the steps behind her with a big 
grin on his face, she simply gave up. 

Mama would be pleased to know she had been to Lake Mistake with 
Darcy, no doubt and her daddy might voice his concern for her 
cousin's benefit but he would tease her mercilessly ever after. 


6. Chapter 6 

Jane laughed as Lizzy shared the story of her Lake Mistake fiasco 
when they met the next day for lunch. 

"Billy really shouldn't have! I bet his mama is burning up the phone 
lines across Meryton as we speak." 

Lizzy gave Jane a withering glance before dipping her french fry in 
gravy. If she kept up these lunches with Jane she'd never want Darcy 
to see her in her underwear again. She hissed at herself for thinking 
he might want a repeat performance. 

"Darcy took it well, it seems. He hasn't called and cancelled the 
business deal has he?" 

Lizzy shushed her sister as two elderly friends of their aunt passed 
the table, eyes trained on the sisters. They turned once past the 
table and Lizzy heard one of them exclaim. 

"Yes, ma'am, she did! I heard it straight from May Louise this 
morning. She called so early I thought somebody had died!" 

Lizzy groaned and Jane shook with the laughter she attempted to 
hide . 

"He hasn't called at all. It's quite a blow when you undress to your 
bloomers and the man doesn't call back." 



Jane fanned herself and nodded to the street below. There sat the 
beautiful red sports car with the driver waiting to catch Lizzy's 
eye. He opened the door and casually walked up the steps to the 
rooftop cafe. He held out a hand to Jane and spoke. 

"Miss Bennet, how lovely to meet you. I was present at your 
fundraiser in Belize last year, what wonderful work you do." 

Jane took his hand and blushed as he placed a light kiss there. "Mr. 
Darcy, I do recall. You were a most generous donor." 

Jane rose to leave and Lizzy's eyes grew as round as saucers. "Jane, 

I thought you might like to take a walk with me to visit Aunt 
Phillips this afternoon. She's helping mama get her things together 
for the flower show next month." 

"I've got an evening flight, Lizzy. I thought I'd go home and get 
some rest before departure. Give her my love." 

Lizzy sat quietly with Darcy wondering if he would bring up their 
kisses at the lake. She didn't have long to wait. 

"I was surprised and a bit upset that we didn't make the gazette. 

Then I thought we could try again, maybe hide the car where deputy 
dog is unlikely to find it so easily?" 

Lizzy laughed and decided she liked this Darcy far more than the 
college version. He was dressed business casual today and she admired 
the view provided by the top buttons that were open on his shirt. She 
thought back to their ill fated college romance and aside from the 
break up she had enjoyed the strength and sexiness of his body. 
Although he was a business major, he'd played several sports and was 
always lifting in the gym. 

During their late night dip in Lake Mistake, before her cousin showed 
up, her hands had roamed his body there on the bank, her lips warm 
against his own. The thrill had gone from the pit of her stomach to 
regions lower and Lizzy held that memory until she fell asleep that 
night, long after her father's teasing was done. 

"You want to try for another kiss, Darcy? Must it happen at the lake? 
Why not here where there are several ladies in attendance who would 
spread the news far and wide in less than an hour?" 

Darcy smiled a wickedly handsome smile and rose from his seat. Lizzy 
sat frozen, her words of teasing apparently taken seriously. 

He sat swiftly in the seat beside her and waved to the two elderly 
ladies across from them. They were expecting something to discuss 
over bingo later, he was certain. 

"Lizzy, I've never seen a young lady as fair nor lips to shame the 
red, red rose . " 

The women tittered and their embroidered hankies flew about. Lizzy 
imagined her face to have gone three shades of red in the time it 
took Darcy to lean in and kiss her ever so gently upon her lips. He 
paused after the kiss and whispered, his breath tickling her 
skin . 



"There's another mosquito on your forehead, shall I swat him?" 


Lizzy grabbed his gallant hand and refused his offer. She swatted at 
the horrid thing and wondered why on earth mosquitos were drawn to 
her all of a sudden? 

Mr. Darcy read her mind and supplied the perfect answer. 

"It's all in the way you smell and taste Lizzy." 

"And how is that exactly, Darcy? 

He leaned closer and Lizzy fought to maintain her composure. 

"Let's say I was a mosquito. First would be the warmth of your body, 
the heat you emit . " 

Lizzy wondered if he was having a bit of fun at her expense but the 
feel of his breath on her skin was heavenly. 

"Second would be whether you were perspiring." 

He ran a finger slowly from her shoulder down to her fingertips. He 
held her gaze and she bit her tongue hard to keep from moaning out 
loud . 

"And last, but not least, would be the rate of your exhalations. 
Mosquitos love the air you exhale. Do you find yourself short of 
breath, Lizzy?" 

The last sentence dropped into a husky whisper as he moved his lips 
closer to hers. Elizabeth closed the distance, her heart racing from 
his lesson on mosquitos. It wouldn't have mattered to her if they 
were in church on a Sunday, this man had her gone, not caring who 
might see. 

Darcy behaved as if the world around them no longer mattered. Her 
lips set his heart afire and nothing could have stopped him from 
claiming Lizzy Bennet as his own, even if he didn't realize it was 
just what he'd done here in Meryton in front of God and everybody on 
Main Street. 

Lizzy heard the low whispers around them but was unable, and 
unwilling, to part from Darcy. Granted, they ought to have been 
behind a barn somewhere or in the darkness at Lake Mistake for such 
carrying on but the rooftop cafe seemed as close to heaven as his 
kisses . 

Darcy pulled away, knowing in moments he'd be unable to get up and 
leave the table with any modicum of dignity. He'd need an ice pack 
and a cold shower if he were expected to stand anytime soon. 

Lizzy sipped her tea, the glass as beaded with moisture from the 
melted ice as she felt sitting there next to the man who could start 
a fire with only his lips. 

She took several moments to clear her head and ask him about 
Georgiana . 



"Is your sister on her way home, yet? I believe we need to have lunch 
with her if we want to stay out of the town paper." 


Darcy gave her his best smile, the one that displayed his perfect 
dimples and melted Lizzy's heart all over again. 

"We spoke yesterday and she'll be here by the end of the week. I know 
you'll love her as much as I do. Georgie is a hard worker. You'll be 
happy to have her by your side." 

Lizzy tucked a stray curl from her forehead and watched as Darcy 
followed her every move. She wondered if she'd be too forward to 
suggest they meet that evening to talk about plans he had for the 
clinic. Of course she didn't want to talk business but if they ended 
up at his place, alone without the threat of her cop cousin or 
mosquitos, perhaps his kisses could go deeper. 

He took her hand and placed a gentle kiss on her palm. 

"Maybe we could have dinner at my place and talk about the future of 
the clinic? I wouldn't mind including your father but since we'll be 
discussing upcoming plans, he might not feel like a part of the 
process . " 

Lizzy sighed and wondered how he did it. Their minds were obviously 
on the same wavelength. She would be more than happy to stay up late 
into the night to find out his plans for the future. She had a few of 
her own but decided he'd find those out soon enough. 

"What time should I come over. And what would you like me to 
bring? " 

Mr. Darcy nodded, the smile on his face and the way he looked her 
slowly up and down betraying what he'd like her to bring. 

"Come at eight, Lizzy. I'll be ready for you." 

She shivered as a warm breeze kissed the nape of her neck. His use of 
words hadn't escaped her attention. She certainly hoped to be right 
on time this evening. 

The two older ladies passed their table for a second time, their 
faces scandalized and their whispers lower than before. She knew the 
whole of Meryton was already aware of her wild lovemaking on the cafe 
roof with Will Darcy. She was surprised no one had shown up to take 
pictures for the gazette. 


7 . Chapter 7 

Lizzy stopped by the Bingley residence again on her way to see Darcy. 
She was certain Char wouldn't mind sharing her closet, especially 
since Lizzy was fulfilling the dream Char had for her and her 
fiancee's best friend. 

She let Augie out while she bathed and chose a sweet, little black 
dress from the closet. The jet black beads were reminiscent of a 
twenties flapper dress. Lizzy admired the herself before the mirrors 
of Char's dressing room. Perfect! 



Her phone buzzed and she sat on the bed to answer. 

It was Char again. Lizzy chose not to talk to the woman while she sat 
pilfering her closet. No bad juju tonight! She texted 
instead . 

_How ' s vacay?_ 

Char messaged back. 

_0h Lizzy, it ' s heaven! Charles bought me presents !_ 

Elizabeth smiled 

_Guess who ' s having an intimate dinner with Darcy ?_ 

Char replied hastily. 

_No way!_ 

Lizzy laughed, enjoying teasing her friend. 

_Augie ' s been a good boy, don ' t worry_ 

She placed her phone in a small bag that matched the dress and chose 
some sensible flats this time around. The last thing she wanted was 
to stumble around Darcy like a lush. If she wound up in his arms 
tonight she wanted it to be for all the right reasons. 

She called Augie back inside and secured him in the mudroom. The 
housekeeper had gone upstairs for the night and Lizzy certainly 
didn't trust the eager pup on his own as far as she could throw 
him . 

She watched him circle until his bed was deemed comfortable and 
promised she would bring him to the clinic in the morning. He needed 
some socialization, after all. She slipped out the front door and was 
surprised to find Darcy waiting in the driveway. 

"I thought we'd take a drive before dinner." 

Lizzy agreed and hoped the wind wouldn't leave her hair in a 
mess . 

"Any particular place in mind?" she asked as he reached across to 
buckle her seat belt. 

Lizzy inhaled deeply of his masculine scent and felt her body tingle 
in response. She'd been working far too many hours and the nearness 
of a handsome man proved it. 

"There's this gorgeous botanical park that is closed but being that I 
am _the_ William Darcy I was able to have an hour set aside for the 
two of us. I wanted to show you that your lips do put the red, red 
rose to shame." 

Lizzy felt the heat rising in her cheeks and turned her face to the 
window hoping to catch a breath as he backed away from the Bingley 
house . 



"That's quite a tall order, Darcy. I hope I don't disappoint." 

Lizzy turned and gazed into his eyes knowing her quip couldn't begin 
to lighten the tension that lay between them. He wanted her, she 
could feel it in the air around them the way a person can feel a 
thunderstorm mounting. 

He took her hand and placed it on his thigh, holding it lightly while 
he drove expertly through the streets. 

"I always meant to tell you that it wasn't you back then in college. 
It was me . " 

Lizzy smiled at him, now conscious of his eyes upon her 
lips . 

"People say that a lot, you know." 

Darcy's smile made the dimple in his cheek appear and once more she 
was lost in the moment. 

"They do, but it's not some psycho babble I'm putting out there to 
try and get what I want. We're adults now and I owe you the 
truth . " 

Lizzy struggled to ignore the rugged handsomeness of his face and 
urged him on. 

"I'm all ears . " 

Darcy loosened his tie and glanced at her his thoughts naughtier than 
she might suspect . 

"I was an impetuous young man. Wowed by the money my family had and 
taken by all the beautiful young women who were paying attention to 
me, well to all that money actually. But it seemed to me they were 
paying attention to me for me. I didn't discern between the two back 
then . I do now . " 

Lizzy understood what he meant. She'd known it. It's why she tried to 
tell her heart it wasn't broken, merely bent out of shape, when he 
walked away that first time. It worked for years but now she didn't 
think her heart would fall for the same story twice. 

"I guess it's time for my truth. I was a girl who was in love with 
the boy and not his money. I would have given him everything for the 
joy of seeing his smile or hearing him sing off key as I waited for 
him by his dorm room door. I haven't ever thought about another man 
the way I still think about him." 

Darcy turned to her as he parked the car in the gravel lot of the 
Botanical gardens. 

"The boy is a man now but did I really sing off key? Anyway, I want 
to know more about this girl. I don't want her waiting anymore. I 
want her to think about me day and night." 

Lizzy stepped from the car, careful with the beads on her dress, and 
walked to meet him by the path into the garden. 



"I think now we may want the same thing. A woman and a man can make 
those choices. But you did sing off key." 


Darcy sighed as she took his hand and they walked happily into the 
garden. Lizzy wondered if he might steal a kiss and knew she would 
let him. She noticed the small blanket he carried but chose not to 
mention it then. 

Tonight she would let him do all the things he wished. If tomorrow 
came and he found himself swept away by another heiress she'd have 
had her way with him. 

He stopped before a gorgeous, riotous display of the prettiest roses 
Lizzy had ever seen. 

"Did you know this variety is indeed the reddest of roses?" he asked 
as she bent to have a closer look at the velvety darkness of the 
petals . 

"Gloria de Margottin adapts to most every climate and makes the most 
of the least circumstances . A true classic beauty." 

Mr. Darcy knelt beside her, his last words intended for her and not 
for the roses around them. The fine fragrance of the flowers filled 
her senses and Lizzy turned to gaze into his eyes. 

He leaned closer, a hand on her upper arm causing an avalanche of 
emotion and delight to flood her body as his lips slowly parted 
hers . 

Lizzy wanted to pull away, wanted to listen to the part of her brain 
that was quickly losing the battle of reason, but instead she melted 
into him answering the need between them. 

The sound of children broke through their increasing passion and they 
stood in time to see a young couple with three kids exiting the 
gardens . 

"Seems we came at the right time. The later it gets, the lonelier 
these grounds become. Perhaps, my Lizzy, we might find a darker 
corner in which to discuss the merits of the roses and your 
lips . " 

Lizzy glanced at the little red sports car and then over her shoulder 
at the shadows before them. She'd always been most comfortable in the 
woods surrounding her parent's home. They teased her for her 
wandering habits from the time she could walk. 

She felt the need to wander with Darcy so she took his hand and led 
him further into the shadows where an intimate caress or a stolen 
kiss would not go amiss. 

The perfume of the gardens welcomed the young couple and Lizzy 
imagined they were pulled farther from the entrance by the heady 
fragrance around them. The idea of a bed of flowers enticed her and 
she whispered her naughty idea to Darcy. 

He knew just where he might find such a display and led her through a 
maze of bushes onto a small field carpeted in cherry blossoms, 
recently fallen and spread about as though tiny gardeners had placed 



them artfully for their stunning beauty. 


A pond bordered the field and Lizzy delighted at the lily pads 
drifting gently as a breeze swept through the gardens. She removed 
her shoes and placed them beside the pond. 

Darcy followed her lead and proceeded to roll up the legs of his 
trousers. Lizzy ran onto the field of cherry blossoms, leaving him 
standing bemused the same as she had the night they went to Lake 
Mistake . 

He watched her dance happily as the blossoms trembled in her wake. 

His heart wished for her to find her way back to him as though he 
were her magnet, her true North. 

She came back to his side, her skin glowing from the exertion of 
dancing in her private heaven. Darcy caught her in his arms. 

Lizzy staggered for a moment, drunk on the fragrances of the garden, 
her hands seeking to rest against the breadth of his strong, wide 
chest. She thought of how she became more of herself with him. More 
of herself apparently meant her inhibitions had been left home on the 
floor next to the dress she hadn't chosen. 

Darcy dipped his head and kissed sweetly along her jawline. His lips 
were a searing heat, a catalyst that opened her to the possibilities 
of the night. She prayed her cousin Billy was patrolling elsewhere as 
Darcy spread the blanket he'd brought from the car. 

He sat with Lizzy and leaned her against the warmth of his chest. A 
string of fireflies danced before them and Lizzy caught one in her 
hand. She opened it gently and held the tiny bug aloft. 

"Did you know that if a field is paved over the fireflies don't 
migrate to another field, they simply die out." 

Darcy took her hand and placed a kiss where the firefly had sat only 
moments ago. 

"Don't tell me they mate for life, too." 

Lizzy shook her head, smiling as she turned to gaze into his 
eyes . 

"I don't think they do but the males do use their lights just to 
attract a female." 

Will Darcy chuckled and brushed a loose curl from her face. 

"And what is it about me that attracts you, Lizzy?" 

He kissed her forehead where the curl had been and Lizzy placed a 
hand on his shoulder. Her voice was low like a conspirator whispering 
vital information. 

"The light in your eyes when I enter a room." 

As if on cue, lights surrounded them and Lizzy stood quickly, 
smoothing the skirt of her dress. 



"Billy, I swear if you're stalking us againa€ 1 " 

Darcy laughed and stood up beside her. 

"It isn't your cousin, it's only the lights that come on at night in 
the gardens . " 

Lizzy sighed at her skittish behavior and knew their moment was 
broken . 

"I think we're overdue for dinner." 

Darcy gathered the blanket and pulled her closer against the breeze 
that played with her loose curls. 

He kissed her sweetly, almost as though it were their first but Lizzy 
felt a fire burning that would consume her before the night was 
done . 


8 . Chapter 8 

The drive to his house far above the city gave Lizzy the time she 
needed to gather her dwindling ability to refuse the man anything he 
might ask. She belatedly reminded herself of the business agreement 
between her father and the man she desired. 

Mixing business and pleasure might not be the best idea and tonight 
she could definitely be swayed in the favor of pleasure. She turned 
to him, her eyes content to exam his profile before noting the size 
of his hands as he shifted gears. Lizzy sighed and made herself stop 
thinking about those hands on her own curves. 

"Any thoughts on the business other than Georgie ' s part in it 
all?" 

Mr. Darcy glanced at her but kept his eyes on the winding road before 
him . 

"I've a few ideas I'd like to run by you but I'd rather not talk 
business right now. Maybe over dinner?" 

Lizzy considered his words carefully. As much as she'd wanted to 
pursue a personal relationship with him, and she wanted that now more 
than ever, it might not be the best idea until they'd had this 
business discussion. 

Why must it be Will Darcy her father had made a business agreement 
with? Why couldn't it be a man her father's age that she had no past 
with, no attraction to, nor the insane desire to have in her 
bed? 

Fate was obviously at work to bring them together. If her father 
hadn't become involved with him. Char would've continued her campaign 
to make them a match anyway. 

Darcy pulled into the drive of his small mansion perched atop the 
hill above all the other luxury homes. Lizzy subdued the urge to turn 
and enjoy another kiss like the one in the botanical gardens. Instead 
she admired the view of the city below and sighed. 



Darcy placed a warm hand on her arm and the shock wave that pulsed 
through her body was overwhelming. So much for self control while 
enjoying dinner in his house as the evening cast a romantic air about 
them . 

Lizzy smiled at him and glanced at her door. Darcy took the hint and 
decided he could wait to seduce her until after they'd eaten. He 
wanted her in the worst way and business be damned, he meant to have 
her . 

Lizzy sat patiently as he rounded the front of the car and opened her 
door. She took the hand he offered and stepped out, her breath 
catching as he pulled her against him and whispered in her ear, his 
breath warm and soft against the tender skin of her neck. 

"I hope to see the light of morning dancing across these gorgeous 
curls, Lizzy, if that doesn't come across the wrong way. I can't 
imagine letting you go tonight." 

His hand lingered at the nape of her neck, one finger wrapped in a 
loose curl. 

There was no wrong way to express his desire because it was hers too. 
The business part of their relationship didn't have to define their 
personal dealings she lied to herself as she felt his other hand lift 
her chin. His lips were soft yet insistent as he delivered the kiss 
that undid her reservations. 

Lizzy placed her arms around his neck and answered his longing with 
her own. She softly bit at his bottom lip and welcomed the pressure 
of the hand that had played with her hair as it moved to her lower 
back. The moan that escaped her lips was unintentional but it 
encouraged Mr. Darcy in his ardor. She pulled away reluctantly and 
led him to the front door. 

"If you want a girl to stay until sunrise, you have to feed her." 

He laughed and opened the door allowing her to enter before 
him . 

"Dinner is waiting beautiful girl. And even a midnight snack if it 
keeps you in my arms . " 

Lizzy felt the heat rise into her cheeks at his compliment. Keeping 
her distance from the man became a distant memory as he led her 
through the house to the dining room. 

The table was set for two and the view of Meryton through the open 
terrace doors was breathtaking. The city glittered as a jewel against 
the darkest velvet. He stepped away and quickly lit the candles 
placed around the room. A woman appeared, startling Lizzy from her 
perusal of his powerful, lithe body. 

"We are ready to dine, Greta, " he said to the woman before pulling 
out a chair for Lizzy. 

She sat feeling a buzz across her skin as he stood beside her and 
poured a glass of wine. His scent lingered as he moved away and 
seated himself. She was surprised by the intimacy of the dining room. 



he must not entertain large gatherings here. 

She raised her glass to meet his own and allowed herself the luxury 
of gazing into the depths of his clear green eyes. Lizzy wondered at 
his interest in her after all this time. And she wavered between 
desire and self-preservation. 

"Darcy, let me be honest. We have a past, unremarkable as it may be, 
and I recall being unceremoniously dumped for a certain gorgeous 
blonde trust fund darling. I was surprised when you called me 
beautiful girl out there in the driveway." 

Darcy sipped his wine and listened carefully. She was putting 
distance between them and he'd picked up on her mood during the 
drive. But then, just moments ago, she'd behaved as though she wanted 
the exact same things he wanted. Now she was putting distance between 
them again. 

"I was drunk on my own admiration, Lizzy Bennet . There's no other 
excuse for it. You can't hold that against me after all this time, 
surely? " 

The candlelight softened her expression and Lizzy sighed. She had to 
make a choice about tonight. Did she let him in or did she keep him 
at arm's length? The chemistry between them was magnificent. But he 
was soon to be a fixture of her professional life. A life that 
defined who she was for almost a decade now. 

"I can't if I'm honest. But being honest also means I put my cards on 
the table. I want you, for the second time in my life. But, business 
and pleasure, the two should never mix." 

Greta arrived with their first course and Lizzy fought back her joy 
at the appetizing aroma that filled the room. It struck her that he 
would see her eat. Really eat, like way after dinner hungry eating. 

He had to know she wasn't shy at the table after that night at Lake 
Mistake . 

He waited until Greta left the room before he made an answer to her 
confession and concern. 

"If you want me to be hands off with the Bennet clinic, it can be 
arranged. However, keeping my hands off you is 
non-negot iable . " 

Lizzy swallowed the bite of appetizer quickly and drank her wine too 
fast. She'd expected her bluntness to cool rather than encourage his 
need for her. 

Greta stepped into the room again, her face full of concern. 

"Mr. Darcy, Miss Bennet ' s mother is on the phone." 

Lizzy rose from her seat wondering why on earth her mother might call 
so late. Jane must have told her about their dinner plans but still, 
the RFGB would never interrupt one of her daughters during a dinner 
date with a wealthy man without an excellent reason. 

Her hands trembled as she took the phone from Greta. 



"Mother, what's wrong? Is Daddy okay?" 

The phone fell from her hand moments later and Darcy caught her in 
his arms as her knees buckled. 


9. Chapter 9 

Darcy sat her down and sent Greta for the smelling salts. Elizabeth 
gazed into his eyes, her own glassed over. He knelt beside her, his 
voice urgent. 

"Lizzy, Lizzy!" 

Greta returned with the vial and Darcy opened it hastily wafting the 
pungent odor under her nose. 

Lizzy coughed and sobbed at the same time. 

"Take me to the hospital, Darcy. Daddy needs me." 

Darcy bundled her into his coat and carried her to the car. Lizzy sat 
trembling, not from a chill, nor from the strength of Darcy's strong 
arms as they placed her in his car. 

Her mother had said her father was in the hospital. An ambulance had 
come to the house after he collapsed in the parlor. She knew he was 
under stress, he couldn't hide that from her not after all their 
years of working so closely. 

This had to be why he had searched Darcy out for that deal. He was 
ill and hadn't told any of them, especially not her. Lizzy placed a 
hand over her heart and stifled another sob. She must gain control 
before they arrived at the hospital. Her sisters and her mother would 
be the ones who needed her bravado. 

Darcy drove quickly to the Meryton Regional Medical Center, speaking 
to Lizzy in a hushed tone, hoping to calm her fears and lower her 
stress before she was surrounded by her family. 

Jane! Elizabeth wondered what corner of the globe she had gone to and 
could not recall with her mind scattered by her father's emergency. A 
text would work, she thought as her mind returned to the things she 
could control. 

"Darcy, I'm grateful for your assistance and so very sorry about our 
dinner. Eor what it's worth, I would have let you see the sun rise on 
these messy curls." 

He smiled gently and took her hand as he parked the car. 

"We've a few hours before sunrise Lizzy and I don't plan on leaving 
you . " 

Lizzy sighed and took his hand again as he helped her from the car. 
His strong arms wrapped her gently and held her firmly against him. 
His motives were not lust and passion, only comfort and 
caring . 


Lizzy meant more to him now in the few days they had become 



reacquainted than she ever had in their college days. He was ashamed 
of how badly he'd treated her then and resolved to right the wrongs 
no matter how long it might take. 

They entered the cold, sterile atmosphere of the hospital and Lizzy 
was seized upon by her mother and sisters. 

"Mother, has anyone contacted Jane?" 

Mrs. Bennet shook her head in confusion and Mr. Darcy took her arm to 
lead her to a seat. Lizzy pulled out her phone and sent a text hoping 
Jane might see it wherever she was at the moment . A nurse appeared at 
the desk and Lizzy advanced to the counter. 

"How is Mr. Bennet? I am his daughter and would like to see him when 
I may . " 

The nurse took her name and led her immediately to his room. Lizzy 
whispered her thanks in a hushed tone and stood by the door after the 
nurse had gone. 

Her father lay pale and motionless against the pristine white sheets 
of the hospital bed and Lizzy felt dread squeeze her heart. The color 
in his cheeks was gone as was the ready smile he aways wore. 

She approached him quietly, her heart skipping a few beats. 

"Daddy, " she whispered as she took his limp hand. It was warm and she 
thought he tightened his grip but his eyes remained closed. 

A doctor entered the room and came to stand beside her. He was the 
chief of staff and a man who ' d gone fishing with her father for as 
long as she could remember. 

"Otis, Dr. Moore, how is he? Don't spare me, you know I don't like a 
half-told truth." 

Dr. Moore took her arm. 

"Lizzy, he's had a heart attack and he's wiped out. I don't expect 
he'll awaken tonight. Have your mother and sisters go home. We'll 
know more tomorrow." 

Lizzy nodded as he left the room and sat in the chair by her father's 
bed. She kept the tremor from her voice and blinked tears 
away . 

"Daddy, you should have told me you needed rest. I could've handled 
the clinic alone. I will. I won't miss a beat, I promise." 

Darcy entered quietly and placed his hands on her shoulders. 

"You won't be alone, Lizzy." 

Lizzy's emotions ranged from hope to worry in dizzying fashion and 
she was grateful, for once, her father had chosen Darcy as his 
partner . 

She rose from her seat and leaned against Darcy's chest. 



"I have to send my family home. Mother will want to sit with him 
tomorrow while I'm at the clinic." 

Darcy took her hand and placed a light kiss on her wrist. 

"Let's get them moving and then I'll stay with you until your mother 
returns in the morning." 

In the waiting room, her sisters and mother were arguing over 
something trivial and Lizzy fought to keep her voice down. 

"Doc Moore says daddy won't come around tonight and wanted me to send 
you all home. I've messaged Jane and she'll come home as soon as she 
can, I ' m sure . " 

Mrs. Bennet started to argue with her but Lizzy nodded at Mary and 
went to her mother's side. Mary grabbed the keys from Lydia and swept 
through the waiting room doors like a pro. Mary and Lizzy weren't the 
closest in the group of sisters but they were more than a match for 
their younger sisters. 

Darcy joined Lizzy and held out his arm to Mrs. Bennet, his most 
charming smile causing her to stand eagerly. 

"Come, Mrs. Bennet. Lizzy is right. Mr. Bennet will need you in the 
morning while Lizzy keeps the clinic running smoothly." 

Lizzy hid her surprise at her mother's acquiescence and followed 
behind the unlikely pair as they left the waiting room. Kitty and 
Lydia were in the back seat glaring at Mary. Darcy helped their 
mother into the passenger seat and Lizzy went around the car to speak 
with Mary. 

"Keep those keys. You are the driver while daddy is in the 
hospital . " 

Lydia and Kitty protested loudly from the back seat but Lizzy turned 
her patented death stare on the both of them. 

"Mary has to be at work after bringing mother to the hospital in the 
morning. If you don't like it, you can both ride the school 
bus . " 

Lizzy joined Darcy on the sidewalk as Mary backed carefully from her 
spot and drove slowly away. They could hear Kitty and Lydia as the 
car pulled onto the street. 

"I hate to say it, but your family is overwhelming." 

Lizzy laughed as they walked back toward the hospital entrance. 

"I say it at least once a day Darcy." 

He stopped and Lizzy turned, her heart jumping into her throat as he 
raised one hand and brushed at the curls that lay loose on her 
neck . 

"Sweet Lizzy, you aren't alone and I'll see to it your father gets 
the best of care." 



He tucked her arm into his and walked slowly with her into the 
hospital . 

"Let's sit with your him and try to sleep a bit. In a few hours we'll 
both be hard at work." 

He pulled a chair next to hers when they entered her father's room 
and a nurse brought a blanket for them to share. 

Lizzy found herself sitting in his lap wrapped in his arms under the 
blanket, her legs stretched out over the low chair arms. She laid her 
head against his chest and was soon drowsy, drifting to the lullaby 
of his heartbeat. 

Darcy held her like a lost child, for he knew she was. His chin 
rested atop her head and he dreamed of the day it wouldn't take an 
emergency for her to spend the night in his arms. 

A few hours later, a nurse brought them a breakfast tray and gently 
shook Darcy's shoulder. 

"You wanted a wake up call at shift change, Mr. Darcy?" 

He smiled at the young woman and thanked her as he stroked Lizzy's 
hair . 

"Wake up, sleeping beauty. Your prince has turned into a toad, one 
that needs to hop to the nearest restroom." 

Lizzy turned her head away and yawned like a lion before she rose 
from her seat. He had held her through the wee hours of the morning 
and the thought of if, coupled with another huge yawn, made her blush 
deeply . 

After he left for the restroom, she took the orange juice from the 
tray and gulped it down. She'd find coffee on her way to the 
clinic . 

Lizzy went to stand beside her daddy taking his pale hand in her own 
once more. His chest rose and fell evenly and he appeared to be 
having the best sleep of his life. She hated to leave him but she 
wouldn't dare let him down with the clinic. 

Darcy returned and Lizzy was grateful for his solid presence at her 
back . 

"We've got to go, your mother will be here soon. I have to pick up 
Georgie at the airport and we'll come straight to the clinic." 

Lizzy shook her head. 

"There's no hurry for Georgie to jump right in, or you for that 
matter. I can handle the clinic for a week, at least, on my own. I 
still have my receptionist, the business manager who goes on vacation 
next week, and two assistants." 

Darcy listened patiently but was determined to do his part in the 
family business that would now include his family. 


After Lizzy checked on her father one last time, Darcy led her from 



the room and stood at the nurse's station while she made certain her 
personal cell number was in their notes along with the number for the 
Bennet Clinic. 


They left the hospital together and Lizzy trembled as the gravity of 
the situation hit her full force. She'd been running on fumes the 
night before, wearing her superwoman cape and staying strong for her 
family but the cool morning air brought her out of her carefully 
constructed zen. 

Darcy turned and gazed into her eyes as the tears fell from her 
beautiful long lashes. He kissed them away and held her close. The 
early light of dawn streaked the sky and a ray of sun filtered 
through the trees along the front of the hospital. 

He took one fiery curl in his hand and placed a kiss there 
too . 

"They are as lovely in the sun as I remembered, maybe even 
lovelier . " 


10. Chapter 10 

Lizzy worked through the day leaving explanations regarding her 
father's health to the receptionist. Flowers arrived like clockwork 
and she became irritable. It wasn't that she disliked flowers, it was 
the images they brought to mind all clustered around the desk and 
making their way into each exam room. She wouldn't let them place a 
single vase in her daddy's office. It was downright funereal in the 
clinic as it was. 

Her mother had called twice to say that their was a brigade of 
friends and neighbors all camped out on Longbourn Lane just waiting 
to comfort them when they came home. 

"Lizzy, he isn't dead for heaven's sake!" she exclaimed over the 
phone . 

"No mother, they just love daddy and all of us so much. You know how 
these things gain a life of their own. I daresay you and the girls 
will be happy for a bite to eat when you get home." 

"I meant to ask you how your dinner date went with that charming Mr. 
Darcy. He does live in the grandest home in Netherfield Park doesn't 
he?" 

Elizabeth sighed into the phone. 

"Yes, mother, he does. And he stayed at the hospital with me through 
the night. But I can't think about a romance at a time like 
this . " 

Her mother made a perturbed noise and shushed her. 

"Listen here Lizzy Bennet. Your father will recover, the doctor has 
assured me of that fact only an hour ago. To have a wedding at the 
end of all this stress would be doing your father and I a favor. Now, 
you keep your eye on Mr. Darcy." 



Lizzy refused to be drawn into such a foolish conversation while her 
father recovered from a heart attack. 


"I have to go, mother. I have patients waiting and I won't be home 
for dinner. I will be at the hospital later so you can go home and 
rest . " 

Mrs. Rennet's voice broke and Lizzy breathed deeply to maintain her 
composure . 

"Oh Lizzy, my dear, you can't work yourself to death and sit up every 
night. Besides, Jane called and is on her way home now. She arrives 
tonight . " 

Lizzy smiled at that one bright spot in her day and hung up the 
phone. Jane would be the rock she needed to keep her moving along at 
an even keel. 

An hour later, she sent her assistants to lunch and cared for the 
last patient before the ones scheduled for the afternoon started to 
arrive. She came out of the exam room and led the woman with the 
parrot to the reception desk with instructions to help the poor 
bird . 

"Chantal is likely nervous because you changed the furniture in the 
room where her cage is located. The receptionist will give you a 
sample of the calmatives we spoke of and they should make a world of 
difference, but if Chantal has any other behaviors that are 
concerning or causes harm to herself please come in right away." 

The bird owner thanked her profusely and stopped to settle her bill 
and take the sample from the receptionist. 

Lizzy turned to go back and clean the exam room before grabbing lunch 
for herself. That orange juice at the hospital hadn't gone as far as 
she hoped and there 'd been no time for coffee. 

Darcy held the door for the lady and her parrot and Georgiana cooed 
quietly at the poor bird. Chantal rubbed against the cage where 
Georgie ' s hand lingered and Lizzy smiled. She might be fresh from her 
studies but the girl did seem to have a way with animals. 

They followed Lizzy to the exam room and Georgie grabbed a pair of 
gloves and went to work making sure the room was spotless for their 
next patient. Darcy nodded to Lizzy. 

"I tried to keep her home and let her unpack but when she heard about 
your father and the clinic, she insisted on coming." 

Georgie smiled brightly as she threw her gloves in the trash and 
washed up. It was then Lizzy noticed she was in scrubs too and ready 
for duty. 

"I was just going to grab some lunch before our afternoon patients 
arrive. The first three are simple and my assistants can handle those 
so that gives us almost an hour for lunch unless they page me for an 
emergency . " 

Darcy led the women from the exam room to the front of the clinic. 

The receptionist was already absorbed in a gossip magazine and a 



heavenly baby spinach salad with strawberries and feta cheese. 
Lizzy's stomach growled as she caught the aroma of her balsamic 
dressing . 

Darcy laughed and the three left the clinic and walked in the bright 
sunshine to the cafe around the corner. 

"Miss Darcy, I warn you now, they have the juiciest burgers in town. 
And their seafood salad is amazing!" 

Georgiana smiled and walked shoulder to shoulder with Lizzy, leaving 
her brother to follow behind. 

"Please call me Georgie, everyone does. And I haven't had a good 
burger in ages. Fries come with that, right?" 

Lizzy laughed. 

"Oh yes, Georgie, and the best milkshakes you've ever had." 

They sat on the patio and made their order. Darcy checked his phone 
and sighed. 

"Richard is coming down now that he knows you're here, Georgie. His 
plane arrives tonight. Do you think you could meet him?" 

"I would love too. I can't wait to see him. Its been since last 
Christmas, I think, at Aunt Catherine's stuffy old party." 

Lizzy watched the dynamic between them and although she loved her 
sisters she always wanted a brother, someone to balance the estrogen 
in the house. 

"Jane arrives tonight as well. I wonder what time she gets 
in?" 

Lizzy checked her phone for the first time since the evening before 
and there was the answer to her question in a text from 
Jane . 

_Arriving 9 pm from Ghana, ride please_ 

Lizzy laughed and sipped the lemonade the waiter set before 
her . 

"Seems I need to gather Jane at the airport tonight too. She's 
arriving from Ghana. She got my message halfway home." 

Georgiana nodded. 

"If you show me a picture, I can pick her up. Richard is arriving 
from Ghana as well. Isn't that a happy coincidence? " 

Lizzy glanced at Darcy, the confusion apparent on her face. 

"Richard is the director of a nonprofit that puts computers in the 
hands of kids in third world and underserved communities. Perhaps he 
and Jane are on the same flight?" 


Lizzy thought of the blessings of serendipity and shared photos of 



Jane from her phone with Georgiana. 

"I can grab them both, no problem! I imagine your sister will want to 
come straight to the hospital?" 

Lizzy nodded and fell silent as the burgers arrived. She messaged 
Jane about Georgie being her ride home and mentioned Richard. 

Jane replied immediately. 

_Lizzy, he has a crush on me ! _ 

Lizzy raised an eyebrow and answered back. 

_Is he handsome enough for that?_ 

She put her phone down as the waiter brought their drinks. It buzzed 
once more but she was lost in conversation with Georgiana all while 
sneaking glances at Darcy. 

"Will plans on joining us at the clinic next week once your business 
manager has gone on vacation. He's quite the expert in business, 
Lizzy. " 

Lizzy sighed and felt her heart grow heavy at the idea of working so 
closely with the man who set her heart on fire with his kisses. Darcy 
noted the frown that creased her brow and sought to reassure her of 
his intentions. 

"I promise to help the clinic run as smoothly as possible until your 
father returns." 

At least it would be a week before their manager Ellis left and Darcy 
was way overqualified for the position. Lizzy figured he'd grow bored 
in a few days time. The clinic didn't offer the high stakes deals or 
intrigue of his Pemberley Partnership group. 

They finished lunch without an emergency call from her clinic, or her 
mother, but Elizabeth checked her phone to be sure. 

Only another text from Jane. 

_I assure you Lizzy Bennet, I am handsome enough to be crushing on 
your sister. _ 

Her face grew red and she shoved the phone into the deep pocket on 
the side of her scrub pants. Jane hadn't said a word about Darcy's 
cousin outside of his tremendous support for the global technical 
initiative she dedicated her time to. Lizzy would grill her while 
they sat by their daddy's bedside tonight. 

They arrived at the clinic right before the afternoon patients and 
Lizzy was pleased with her assistants and their work ethic. 

Darcy took her hand, his eyes full of admiration and kissed it 
lightly. Lizzy was embarrassed at this display in front of his sister 
and the entire staff of her clinic. She pulled her hand away gently, 
not wanting to make him feel awkward and turned to Georgie. 

"I can't wait to work with you. We can gossip about the professors at 



Auburn while we take care of our furry friends." 


Georgie smiled and pulled her long blond hair back into a 
ponytail . 

"I could talk for hours on that subject but for now, let's get to 
work . " 

Lizzy glanced at the front door and breathed deeply. She was tired 
from being up all night and the lunch she'd eaten was certain to slow 
her down around two this afternoon. 

She took Georgie ' s hand and shooed Darcy away with the promise that 
he could meet them later around six. 

Darcy watched his only sister disappear with the woman of his dreams 
and felt a twinge of loneliness. They wouldn't need him for the next 
few hours. He'd go home, shower, take care of Lola and make them the 
best home-cooked dinner ever. 

Later, as she sat full and happily surprised at Darcy's skills in the 
kitchen, Lizzy quizzed Georgie on her days at Auburn. 

"Oh yes, professor Dunn is still terrorizing her students with that 
semester long test that makes you crawl under your desk and weep for 
mercy . " 

Lizzy laughed at the memory. Honestly, it had been easier for her 
having grown up with a veterinarian father who shared his enthusiasm 
and love for his calling. Still, there were moments when she had 
questioned why she ever thought she could be a vet. 

"I believe you must have been her star pupil judging by your method 
and dedication in my clinic today." 

Darcy's face beamed with pride as he glanced at his sister. Georgie 
murmured her bashful acceptance of Lizzy's praise and rose from the 
table . 

"Time for me to get to the airport." 

Lizzy nodded and watched as Georgie stepped around the table and left 
a kiss on her brother's cheek. 

"I loved shadowing Lizzy today. It was amazing to do the work I've 
dreamed of with a competent and talented vet." 

Darcy and Lizzy rose and walked to the front door with Georgie. She 
took the young woman's hand as she stepped out into the summer 
night . 

"The pleasure was all mine. I admit I was worried when your brother 
and my father made their agreement but it seems I'm the one who will 
benefit the most." 

Lizzy wanted to stay with Darcy but his cousin would be back soon 
with Georgie. And she wanted to sit with her father. She stepped from 
the circle of his arms after Georgie left and bid him 
goodnight . 



"Thank you for the dinner and the company. A girl could fall for a 
man who's that good in the kitchen." 


Darcy laughed and tried to pull her back inside. 

"_Now_ you tell me. I would have made you a four course meal that 
night instead of taken you to Lake Mistake." 

Darcy knew it was a lie, not that he wouldn't have wooed her with his 
culinary skills but he'd never forget that night before Billy Collins 
happened upon them. 

Lizzy blew him a kiss and walked backwards to her car, a dazzling 
smile plastered across her face. 


1 1 . Chapter 1 1 

Lizzy arrived at the hospital and checked her watch. 

She thought of dinner at the Darcy residence and how right it felt. 
Georgie reminded her of herself as a new vet and Darcy simply glowed 
with love for his sister. Seeing his domesticated side had been a 
huge turn on. 

Still, the hurdle of next week loomed before them and Lizzy hoped 
they could work as well as they played together. 

The door to her father's private room was open and the muted noise of 
a television greeted her. Her mother had left an hour ago at the 
prompting of her father. Their familiar banter over the phone had 
gone a long way in assuring her things were almost back to normal. 

She hurried to his side and kissed his cheek, noting how his color 
had improved. 

Mr. Bennet lifted Lizzy's hand to his lips and shook his head. 

"My dearest daughter, I never meant to leave you in such a bind. The 
doctor told me last week that everything checked out as usual. Good 
thing I met with Mr. Darcy when I did." 

Lizzy stared at him with the look he had grown accustomed to from the 
women in his life lately. She wanted to argue that even without 
Darcy's deal the clinic would have hummed along nicely, but she 
refrained . 

"Daddy, you haven't left me in a bind. Georgiana is an excellent 
addition to the clinic and you know Ellis doesn't go on vacation 
until next week. Then we'll see if Darcy can handle the business side 
of Lizzy Bennet." 

Her father smiled at his spirited daughter. She'd been too upset over 
him lately for her own good. 

"So are you saying he can handle the other side of Lizzy 
Bennet ? " 

Lizzy found the television remote and muted the noise, avoiding his 
gaze . 



"Darcy and I haven't quarreled yet, if that's what you're getting at. 
No lover's spat. We're getting to know one another again and I like 
this Darcy a lot better than the one I met in college." 

Mr. Bennet tilted his head at his favorite daughter. 

"I know your mother is pleased with your interest in Mr. Darcy. Even 
I can see the man has turned your head." 

Lizzy smiled sweetly at her father. 

"If the interest between Jane and Darcy's cousin is genuine, mother's 
matchmaking eye will be drawn away from my love life any minute 
now . " 

Mr. Bennet patted the side of his hospital bed. 

"What's this? Jane has another suitor and he's related to Mr. 

Darcy? " 

Lizzy sat, relaxing for the first time in several days. Having her 
father to talk to was a blessing she'd never take for granted 
again . 

"He's a big investor in the non-profit she adores. To hear Georgie 
tell it, he's a rough, tough guy with brains, savvy, and money. I 
have no idea what else Jane could want in a man." 

Mr. Bennet laughed at Lizzy. 

"The same as you I suspect, someone she can fall in love 
with . " 

Lizzy dismissed his romantic speech with a wave of her hand. 

"Dr. Moore says you'll need therapy for a while after he releases you 
so I don't want to see your face at the clinic. Mother will kill both 
of us if you even suggest a visit to see how things are going." 

He opened his mouth to complain but Lizzy shushed him. 

"I mean it, daddy. I will side with mother on this, shocking as that 
may be. You made this deal with Darcy and now we'll see how it plays 
out. Believe me, I can handle the Bennet Clinic and Will 
Darcy . " 

They heard Jane's voice in the hallway and Lizzy went to meet her. 

She glanced around for any sign of Georgie and Richard. 

"I told them not to bother parking and coming in. I figured daddy 
might be sleeping at this hour. I did throw my bags in your back seat 
and lock the doors." 

Lizzy followed her to their father's bedside. He kissed Jane as she 
bent to hug him gently. He nodded at Lizzy and winked. 

"She's been distracted lately by the men in her life." 

Jane sat in the chair beside the bed and crossed her long 
legs . 



"Men, as in plural?" 


Lizzy dimmed the light over the bed and shot a warning glance to her 
father . 

"He's getting to be a gossip just like mother in his old age. 
Besides, he's the one who brought Darcy into the picture, not 


Jane laughed and then turned her attention to Mr. Bennet . 

"Daddy, you look so tired. What happened?" 

Mr. Bennet regaled his eldest daughter with the events of the evening 
of his heart attack and the days since. Lizzy moved to the window, 
her mind returning to Darcy. 

Was she falling in love with him or was it just the chemistry between 
them that left her breathless after each meeting? That chemistry 
hadn't been as strong in their college days but it was undeniable 
now . 

Jane tapped her on the shoulder and Lizzy jumped. 

"Daddy's sleeping. He didn't want us to stay all night. Let's go and 
you can tell me about Darcy." 

Lizzy glanced at their father and found his remote again. She clicked 
off the television and left quietly with Jane. In the hallway she 
took her sister's hand. 

"I think a better topic of discussion would be Richard and his crush 
on you . " 

Jane blushed and bit her bottom lip. 

"He's been making a play for a while now but I always just brushed it 
aside. He's such a flirt, Lizzy. And there is no shortage of women 
trailing behind him." 

Lizzy took the keys from her purse as they exited the hospital. 

"How did all these women fit in Georgie ' s car? Must have been 
awkward . " 

Jane lifted an eyebrow and fixed Lizzy with her patented older sister 
stare . 

"You know what I mean. He's not here because of me and even if he 
were I'm not going to be his next conquest. Now, what about 
Darcy? " 

Lizzy pulled smoothly onto the road beside the hospital, taking her 
time before answering Jane's question. 

"I'm not so sure that he isn't here for you. I imagine the idea that 
this is your hometown made this visit all the more meaningful to the 
man. And since he texted me from your phone, I don't think you're 
telling me everything." 



Jane shook her head at Lizzy. 


"He's got a hard head Lizzy. He paid the man beside me to switch 
seats. I think he held my hand the entire flight. But the topic was 
Darcy, if I recall." 

Lizzy turned a triumphant grin on her sister. 

"Darcy is Darcy. Charm, sophistication, and he has some killer 
movesaC 1 in the kitchen. I enjoy his company." 

Lizzy sighed and Jane rolled her eyes. 

"Please, I caught you daydreaming while I was talking with daddy and 
by the look on your face it wasn't a thing to do with the 
c 1 i n i c . " 

Lizzy was grateful for the lateness of the hour and hoped Jane was 
feeling some jet lag. She wasn't sure about her feelings for Darcy 
any more than Jane was about Richard. 

They arrived on Longbourn Lane and Lizzy sighed. 

"We'll have to talk about Darcy and Richard tomorrow. I'm 
beat ! " 

Jane sighed and stepped from her sister's vehicle. 

"Help me with my luggage and I'll bunk with you tonight." 

Lizzy laughed and pulled her sister's swanky bags from the back of 
the Rover. 

"We haven't done that in ages but I warn you. I'll probably be asleep 
the moment my head hits the pillow." 

Jane opened the front door for her and hurried her inside. 

"It's Friday night Lizzy Bennet, we can grab some popcorn and watch 
old movies . " 


12 . Chapter 12 

Lizzy woke to the sound of Jane singing in her shower and frowned. 

Not that she didn't enjoy the company of her sister but there really 
was only so much hot water to go around. 

Luckily it was Saturday morning and the clinic opened two hours later 
than the rest of the week. 

Jane exited the bathroom wrapped in towels, the smile on her face as 
sunny and bright as always. Lizzy yawned loudly noting that jet lag 
was never a problem for Jane. 

"I think we need a cook out today, Lizzy. We can laze around the pool 
and dance to music from the country station. I'll put Mary and Kitty 
to work in the kitchen while you're at the clinic and Lydia can get 
on the phone and invite folks over." 



Lizzy stretched and motioned for Jane to come sit on the bed. 


"Bring the brush and I'll work on your hair." 

Jane hurried to obey, she loved this particular sisterly habit and 
missed being fussed over by Lizzy. She ought to have known there 
would be a price to pay before Lizzy spoke again. 

"Are you going to invite Richard?" 

Jane shrugged her shoulders . 

"It wouldn't be polite to ignore him when I know good and well you'll 
ask Georgie and Darcy." 

Jane was on top of her game this morning. 

"Maybe they have something else planned since Richard just got in 
last night? I'll definitely mention it to Georgie today but I 
wouldn't count them in just yet." 

Jane picked up her phone and showed Lizzy the latest text message 
from Richard. 

_What can we bring?_ 

Lizzy sighed and continued brushing Jane's hair. 

"Does mother know we're hosting a cook out while daddy's in the 
hospital ? " 

Jane waved her hand. 

"Mother won't mind one bit and half of town will show up anyway. 
Besides, daddy doesn't want us up at the hospital every blessed day, 
he said so himself last night." 

Lizzy stood and handed Jane the brush. 

"On that note, I'm going to jump in the shower and pray you left some 
hot water. I almost forgot about Augie. I'm bringing him over this 
weekend after work. I think I'll take him with me this morning too. 
He'll love all the attention in the waiting room." 

Jane pulled a sundress from her luggage and hurried from Lizzy's room 
to make breakfast and give their younger sisters marching orders for 
the day. 

Richard sat in the kitchen with Georgie while she made omelettes. 
Darcy walked in fresh from the shower and poured coffee. He glanced 
at his cousin and noted the smile that was far too bright this early 
in the morning on a weekend. 

"Richard, you've got be tired after that flight. Georgie ' s going in 
to the Bennet clinic this morning and I have some business to do from 
home. We can catch up later today." 

Richard took his plate from Georgie and dug in. 



"Not the least bit tired, cousin. In fact, Jane invited us all to a 
cook out this afternoon. Of course I told her we'd be 
there . " 

Georgie glanced at her brother as she plated his breakfast. 

"This one's for you and I've got to run. I want to be at the clinic 
before Lizzy. " 

She kissed his cheek and then hugged Richard before leaving the 
kitchen. Richard watched her go and shook his head. 

"When did she grow up?" 

Darcy smiled and took a bite of his omelette. 

"While you were traveling the globe dating models. How's that going 
anyway? Interesting to find you and Jane work together." 

Richard pushed his plate away and got up for another cup of 
coffee . 

"Jane Bennet is interesting and interested in me, I hope. She tries 
to play hard to get which makes the chase all the more 
exciting . " 

Darcy laughed and put down his fork. 

"I don't think she's playing, man. She's had better offers from 
wealthier, and handsomer, men than you." 

Richard sipped his coffee and Darcy waited for his retort. There was 
always a retort. Richard was a confident, self-made man who ' d been a 
colonel in special forces before starting his tech company. Despite 
the fact that his family had as much money as Darcy's, Richard set 
his own goals and lived his own life without the aid of his family 
fortune . 

"That could be true, the wealthier part, but this face and body are a 
killer combo. No suit is going to be enough for the likes of Jane 
Bennet. She doesn't mind getting her hands dirty and her heart is 
pure gold . " 

Darcy smiled. He hadn't meant to infer that Jane would be interested 
in Richard's money at all. He was the perfect match for her because 
of their common interest in technology for the masses. 

"Fair enough. Don't get your heart broken, though. The Bennet sisters 
don't fall in love as easily as you might think." 

It was Richard's turn to laugh. 

"Georgie already told me about you and Lizzy. If she picked up on it 
within twenty-four hours then you must have it bad." 

Darcy collected their plates and rinsed them in the sink. Greta had 
the weekends off, so he placed them in the dishwasher before scooping 
Lola into his arms. He handed Richard the apron Georgie had left on 
the counter. 



"I'm going to walk the princess and then put in a few hours of work. 
Why don't you figure out what to make for this cook out?" 

Richard folded the frilly apron in half and tied it on. 

"I was thinking we'd raid your wine stash and be done with it. You 
know I'm not that great of a cook." 

Darcy was lost in conversation with Lola and left Richard to figure 
it out himself. 

He picked up his phone and messaged Jane. 

_If I were in need of a strawberry rhubarb pie in Meryton where 
should I go?_ 

His phone buzzed a few minutes later as he dug around in his cousin's 
kitchen cabinets. 

_The bakery on main, of course. It closes at noon, though. I love 
strawberry rhubarb pie._ 

He smiled at her message and sent her words he was certain would earn 
him a place by her side this afternoon. 

_I ' 11 bring more than one._ 

Richard removed the apron and drank another cup of coffee. Once Darcy 
returned and locked himself in his office he'd head down to main 
street and grab as many pies as he could. 


13. Chapter 13 

Lizzy pulled into her parking spot at the clinic and smiled when she 
noticed Georgie exiting the little red sports car beside her. Augie 
bounded out of the back when she opened the door and ran to greet the 
youngest Darcy. She laughed and bent to welcome the wriggling mass of 
labrador glee. 

"Good morning! Ready for a few hours slaving away with me?" Lizzy 
asked as she clipped on Angle's leash. 

Georgie walked with her to the front door of the clinic and nodded 
her enthusiasm. 

"Am I ever! I'm like a kid in a candy store this morning. Lola's 
going to be a jealous girl when she smells my scrubs later. I'm so 
happy you gave me this chance . " 

Lizzy held the door open and eyed her young protege. 

"I forgot to warn you yesterday but sometimes our furry friends are 
less than friendly. They become frightened, are truly ill, or it 
might be their reaction to the other animals around them, or their 
owner's stress. All that to say you can be bitten, clawed, and 
scratched. Cats are the hardest to assess for body language. Just 
remember that and you'll do fine." 


Georgie stopped in her tracks and a terrified expression crossed her 



face . 


"I've never had that happen in clinicals." 

Lizzy sighed to see the young vet react in fear. She'd hoped she 
might be able to let Georgie cover Saturdays in the months to 
come . 

Georgie dropped her look of horror, and her act, and laughed. 

"Will still thinks I should have become an actress." 

Lizzy took it in stride, determined to be on her toes around this 
young, talented lady. 

"That's a relief! I ought to have known you were pulling my 
leg. " 

Lizzy dropped Angle's leash once the front door swung closed behind 
them. She would let him stay in the waiting room as long as he 
behaved. Georgie flipped on the lights and turned the phones over 
from the answering service. 

"I'm excited about the cook out this afternoon. Richard is supposed 
to be making a dish to bring while my brother works in his office. I 
don't see that turning out well." 

Lizzy laughed and showed Georgie her texts from Jane. 

"He's already done with his _baking_, I believe. I'm sure he'll try 
to pass those pies off as his own." 

Georgie laughed, her cousin was a dashing gentleman with tech savvy, 
brains and brawn, and enough money to do whatever he wished for the 
rest of his life but being a baker was not in his list of 
accomplishment s . 

The two continued their preparations for the five patients they would 
see before the clinic closed at noon. Lizzy had given the 
receptionist and her assistants the weekend off since Georgie was 
shadowing her. There wasn't much they couldn't handle together in the 
space of a few hours. 

Lizzy turned on the radio and moved the dial to the country station 
her receptionist hated with a passion. 

They worked steadily until the noon hour when Billy arrived with his 
canine counterpart, Roman. Lizzy sighed when she saw him standing in 
the waiting room flirting with Georgie. She crossed the room and bent 
to offer treats to the gorgeous german shepherd who had to share his 
day with Billy. She always felt sorry for the poor dog. 

Roman loved Billy though, it was obvious, and the two were always 
together. She stood and watched as her cousin took Georgie ' s hand. 
Augie bounced around Roman, trying to play with him, but the police 
dog ignored the puppy's antics. 

The blush on Georgie ' s face horrified Lizzy in ways her cousin's 
behavior couldn't have. How in the world was a young woman as sweet 
and kind, not to mention intelligent, as Georgians Darcy enjoying the 



attention of Billy Collins? 

Lizzy walked him to the door and shoved him outside. 

"Is there something I can help you with?" she hissed, aggravated by 
his wave to Georgie. 

"I just came to tell you I'll be at the cook out." 

Lizzy pulled him towards his cruiser and sighed. 

"Don't you have to work today?" she asked gesturing to his uniform 
and to Roman. 

"Only for another hour. Skip's covering for me, he needs the extra 
hours this week." 

Georgie opened the clinic door and smiled at them with Augie 
straining on his leash as she held it steady. 

"Billy, would you mind bringing Roman to the cook out, if you 
can? " 

Billy smiled as Georgie stepped out into the sun with Augie. 

"I don't know if Lizzy would like that," he said and shot his cousin 
an irritating smirk. 

Lizzy barely stopped herself from punching him in the arm and turned 
to Georgie. 

"Of course Roman is welcome, " she said, purposefully leaving Billy 
out of her statement. 

Georgie went back inside with Augie and Lizzy lit into Billy. 

"She's not in your league, Billy. I doubt Darcy would appreciate your 
interest in her and I certainly don't." 

Billy opened the back door of his cruiser and Roman hopped 
inside . 

"Let's see. He's the one you were all over that night at Lake 
Mistake, huh?" 

Lizzy rolled her eyes and stomped a foot. 

"I'm warning you Billy, stay away from Georgiana Darcy." 

Billy opened his door and turned to his cousin before leaving. 

"What are you going to do, Lizzy? If I recall correctly from 
psychology class, the more you push someone away from something they 
want the harder they fight for it." 

He laughed as he sat and closed his door. 

"See you later, cuz." 


Lizzy kept her fists at her sides willing herself not to bend and 



snatch up a rock and hurl it after him. She'd let Darcy handle him 
later at the cook out. She hurried back inside the clinic to close up 
and let Georgie go. 

"I'm sorry if my goofy cousin made you uncomfortable with his 
attention, Georgie." 

A pretty pink blush crept across her cheeks and Georgiana Darcy 
shocked Lizzy with her reply. 

"He's handsome Lizzy, and such a gentleman. Not at all like the boys 
I'm used to fending off in college. I like him." 


14 . Chapter 14 

Lizzy drove home with Augie secured in the back of the Rover, her 
windows down and the radio blaring. Thoughts of seeing Darcy in a few 
hours sent chills of excitement across her body and she thought of 
which bikini she ought to wear. 

The turquoise one with the crochet maxi dress or just a plain bikini 
top with her denim cut offs? With Georgie and Richard present, not to 
mention Billy, she decided on the turquoise with the chic maxi dress. 
She didn't want to encourage Billy's jokes at her expense. 

She heard the music as she turned down Longbourn Lane and saw she was 
not going to be parking in her usual spot today. She pulled past the 
mailbox and leashed Augie before letting him jump to the 
ground . 

Lydia and Kitty ran screaming past as three more teenagers chased 
them with massive water guns. Augie jumped and barked at the 
excitement and Lizzy handed him over to Mary with a warning. 

"Don't let him in the pool." 

Lizzy hurried inside to the kitchen and smiled at Jane's 
organizational skills. The counters and the island in the middle of 
the room were loaded with food. She leaned out the back door to peer 
across the deck and saw the coolers full of ice and drinks at the 
ready. The huge grill was fired up and the amazing smell of barbecue 
made her stomach growl. The pool was crowded with teens and music was 
blaring . 

Jane pulled her back inside and led her from the kitchen. 

"You go get out of those scrubs and into something fun. Mother is at 
the hospital with daddy and our back yard is about to be overrun in 
five more minutes." 

Lizzy hurried to her room to change and at least set up lawn chairs 
for Jane. She emerged not ten minutes later, her hair up, and stopped 
at the mirror in the living room. Not bad, not bad, she thought as 
Jane whistled at her. 

"Darcy better be on his toes. No doubt about it. Wonder if he's ever 
had to compete for a woman's attention?" 


Lizzy blushed and took in Jane's lovely long legs under the gauzy 



fabric of her sarong. 


"I could say the same for Richard. Unless, of course, he wins your 
heart with his mad baking skills." 

Jane laughed and steered her sister to the kitchen. 

"I managed to persuade three of our guests to set up the long tables 
and the canopy and Kitty's friends are bringing out the lawn chairs. 

I had Mary put Augie in the run for now." 

Lizzy nodded and Jane went to the back door and called for 
Lydia . 

"All that's left is to carry out the food." 

Lizzy grabbed two platters and bustled past Jane. 

She stopped on the deck and turned her face up to the sun. She felt 
all of fifteen again when two handsome bikers took the platters from 
her. She winked at them and turned to make her way back to the 
kitchen . 

The broad chest that blocked her way made her heart skip a beat and 
she shaded her eyes before glancing up into his eyes. 

Darcy smelled of sunshine and a light spicy tangerine cologne. She 
fought the urge to lay her head square on that chest and take a deep 
breath . 

Georgie appeared at his side and Lizzy took the two pies she held. 

She glanced around for Richard and Georgie stepped aside. 

The man was as handsome as Darcy but his smile came easier. He held 
four stacked boxes of pie in his large, capable hands. Lizzy nodded 
to him and they walked to the canopied tables. 

"You must be Richard, the tech guy with baking skills who is also 
handsome enough to crush on my sister." 

Richard laughed and Lizzy found herself instantly at ease in his 
presence. She was choosy when it came to giving her thumbs up to her 
sister's beaux, but Jane had to be crazy to play hard to get with 
this man. They placed the pies on the dessert table and he took 
Lizzy's hand in his. 

"I'm terribly confident, although my cousin would call it arrogance. 
Hopefully Jane finds me irresistible." 

Lizzy decided he and Darcy shared some swoon worthy DNA as she 
glanced at his eyes. She and Jane would be up late tonight talking 
about why she'd been holding this man at arm's length. 

Lizzy walked with him back to the deck and sent him to the kitchen 
with an aside that he would find Jane there. The women at this party 
would be all over Richard if Jane didn't stake her claim soon. 

Darcy caught her hand as she tried to follow Richard. She allowed her 
eyes to travel the length of his strong body. His shirt fit that 
broad chest too well and she'd never seen a man look that good in 



khaki shorts and sandaled feet. His legs were long and well muscled 
and Lizzy suddenly held an odd attraction for his feet. 


"I take it the lady approves," he said and pulled her closer. 

Lizzy smiled up at him, noting the strong arm about her waist. With 
Darcy she felt confident and sexy in a way she hadn't in past 
relationships. The desire in his eyes left her weak in the 
knees . 

She arched her body against his and shivered as a cold spray of water 
hit her back. Lydia hurried to her side with a towel. 

"Sorry, Lizzy, I was aiming for Mary." 

Lizzy turned and removed the water gun from Lydia's hands. Her 
irritated expression caused her youngest sister to pout and stomp 
off. Lizzy called after her and handed the water gun to Kitty. 

"No one on the deck wants to play in the water. One more soaking and 
the teen part of this party is over." 

Kitty took the watery weapon and stomped off in her own bad 
mood . 

Mr. Darcy had taken the towel and his large warm hand on her shoulder 
grounded her as he patted her back dry. 

"I can't say I miss Georgie being that age," he whispered near her 
ear and Lizzy turned and pulled him toward the kitchen before her 
defenses were further weakened. 

Jane and Richard moved quickly apart and Lizzy stopped abruptly 
causing Darcy to bump against her as he entered the kitchen. His 
hands landed on her hips and if the kitchen had been empty she would 
have turned and melted into his embrace, all composure lost. 

Jane handed Richard two bowls of pasta salad and grabbed a tray of 
fruit. She held out one hand as she passed her sister, ignoring the 
smirk on her face. 

"Mr. Darcy, how lovely to see you again." 

Darcy let go of Lizzy and took Jane's hand. 

"Likewise, I'm sure. Lizzy tells me you and Richard work closely in 
the same nonprofit." 

Jane glanced at Richard and nodded. 

"We've known one another for a year I think. His support has been 
wonderful . " 

Lizzy watched Jane's face as she spoke and knew her sister wasn't 
playing hard to get any longer. Richard's eyes on Jane confirmed her 
suspicion. She knew they had either just kissed or were about to when 
she and Darcy walked in. 

Lizzy crossed to the counter as Jane and Richard left and picked up 
another tray. Darcy stood behind her and bent to place a kiss on the 



nape of her neck. He growled low in his throat and rested a hand on 
her hip once more. He took the tray from her with the other hand and 
turned her to face him. 

"I'm not afraid of anyone seeing this," he whispered as he dipped his 
head and caught her lips in a sweet slow kiss. 

The hardness of his body against her soft curves combined with his 
killer kissing technique transported her from the kitchen on 
Longbourn Lane and she buried her hands in his hair, returning his 
kiss with abandon. 

There was no thought for their surroundings as she strained against 
him, hungry to become one. The loud, booming voice of Billy Collins 
was like a bucket of cold water dashed on her fevered body. 

She pushed Darcy away and breathed deeply. Billy stood on the deck 
with his back to the door and Georgie in his sights. 


15. Chapter 15 

Lizzy furrowed her brow in frustration and handed Darcy the last two 
bowls as she grabbed the platter she'd held moments earlier. She 
growled out her words and Darcy hid his smile at her temper. 

"He ought to be at work." 

She marched from the kitchen onto the deck and promptly handed 
Georgie her platter. 

"Could you take this to the tables? I'd like a word with 
Billy. " 

Georgie nodded and cast a flirtatious eye to her cousin. Lizzy pulled 
the big oaf to the side and stuck a finger in his face. 

"Don't embarrass me Billy. And don't mess with Georgie Darcy. She's 
not like the women you usually chase. She's beautiful, smart, and too 
young to know better about men like you." 

Billy frowned at Lizzy and stepped around her. 

"You know, there's no love lost between us but I am family. You may 
think I'm not good enough for her but maybe you're the one who isn't 
good enough for her brother. Maybe that's what's bugging you. 


He sauntered off with Roman at his heels and Lizzy wanted to follow 
him across the lawn and drag him back to his car. Darcy appeared at 
her side and nodded at the man's retreat. 

"You really don't like him, do you?" 

Lizzy sighed and shook her head. 

"He's like the big brother I never had and never wanted." 

She watched him approach Georgie again, her frustration mounting. 
Darcy took her hand and led her to the grill. His smile and the 



twinkle in his eyes as he pulled her along eased her anger with 
Billy . 

"Would Jane mind if we took over for her?" 

Lizzy glanced around and saw her sister sitting with Richard beside 
the pool. 

"I don't think she'd notice. It seems your cousin has won her heart. 
Let's just hope Georgie ' s isn't as vulnerable." 

Darcy took the tongs from her hands and turned the meat, placing a 
delicious pile of medium stakes on a platter with several 
burgers . 

"Something tells me we're going to be busy feeding these folks for a 
while . " 

Lizzy noted his avoidance of the Georgie/Billy topic and shook her 
head . 

"At Bennet cook outs, the men take turns on the grill. Those two 
bikers over there will push us out of the way soon, trust me." 

Lydia and Kitty passed by and Lizzy sent them inside for more of the 
marinating meat in the refrigerator. 

"We'll fill up the grill again and hand it over to our biker friends. 
Then I can go check on Augie." 

Darcy bent and kissed her on her forehead. 

"And then you can check on me." 

She laughed and gazed into his eyes, careful not to linger 
there . 

"I've been watching you since you arrived Will Darcy. You're 
f ine . " 

He slowly looked her up and down, a devilish grin forming and one 
hand tracing across her shoulder. 

"The fine one here is you, Lizzy Bennet. I've felt like a lovestruck 
teenager since I rounded the corner and saw you in this." 

His finger snagged in the crochet of her dress and Lizzy fought the 
urge to push him back into the kitchen for another kiss. Her sisters 
interrupted with the meat for the grill and she helped Darcy finish 
their task. 

He took her hand and walked slowly with her past the pool and across 
the lawn to a shaded area near the edge of the property. Augie barked 
as they approached, his tail thumping happily against the metal of 
the dog run. 

Lizzy hurried forward and undipped his leash from the door where 
Mary had left it. She slipped the door open with ease and stepped 
inside. Augie tried to wiggle past her but she caught his collar and 
snapped on the leash. 



Darcy held open the door of the run as Lizzy stepped out with Augie. 
She brushed against him as Augie pulled her away toward the noise of 
their guests and no doubt the aroma from the grill. Darcy strode to 
her side as she put the excited pup through his paces. 

"I'll never understand how Charles and Char manage to keep him from 
destroying the house, " Darcy said as he watched Lizzy expertly handle 
the rambunctious animal. She shared her thoughts on the gorgeous 
bundle of energy at the other end of the leash. 

"He needs lots of exercise and training, his breed requires it. If 
he's properly cared for, he'll be the best companion as he gets a bit 
older but he'll not lose his love for chewing shoes or acting like a 
big baby even once he's full grown." 

Darcy found himself enjoying the sight of Lizzy in her element. Her 
confidence drew out the side of him that thrived on challenges. In 
his professional life, he never showed a hint of weakness but Lizzy 
Bennet made him vulnerable in so many ways. He wondered if she 
realized her effect on him. 

She took his hand and flashed a beautiful smile his way. In that 
moment, he knew he wanted her by his side always and the strength of 
that conviction scared him a little. 

He moved closer and kissed her forehead before Augie could pull her 
away again. He stared into her bright green eyes and was lost in 
emotions he'd never felt for any other woman. What would it be like 
to provide for her and protect her, to be the father of her children? 
Darcy glanced at her luscious, full lips and bent to kiss them but 
Augie wouldn't wait a moment longer. 

Lizzy's laughter as they ran across the yard with Augie would be the 
highlight of his weekend. Getting to know her now, as a grown woman 
with her own career, made him ashamed of his dismissal of her in 
their college days. He wanted to show her he was different too, he 
was a man now and he knew something he wished he could go back in 
time and tell his college self. _This is the girl of your dreams, 
don ' t let her go_. 

Lizzy turned Augie over to Kitty and Lydia and came back to stand 
beside him. 

"Would you like a plate? We've got plenty of food and I, for one, am 
famished . " 

Darcy gave her the smile that stopped her heart and walked her to a 
table in the shade. 

"You wait here and I'll get plates for both of us." 

Lizzy found herself pleased as punch at his willingness to pamper her 
and sighed as he walked away. Will Darcy was taking over her heart, 
little by little, and she tried to list the reasons why he shouldn't. 
The one that sat in her mind and refused to budge was the memory she 
held of their brief college romance. He'd chosen someone else and 
left her to mend her broken heart. To go through that now, all these 
years later? Not a chance . 



That's what her head knew but her heart tried to block it out. They 
were older and wiser now it whispered and cajoled. He'd done nothing 
but pursue her since the night of their business dinner with her 
parents her heart reminded. And you can't deny that you want him to 
love you, the traitorous core of her being finished its argument with 
triumph . 

Will Darcy was the man she wanted to spend the rest of her life with 
and it was too late to follow reason and logic now. She'd thought she 
was only playing games with him, enjoying his attention while it 
lasted. Now she knew the man walking towards her with two plates held 
her heart in his hands. 


16. Chapter 16 

Lizzy awoke late Sunday morning, her head a little fuzzy from her 
Saturday that ended in Darcy's arms slow dancing on the lawn in the 
twinkling light of the paper lanterns her younger sisters had strung 
when dusk appeared. 

She hugged her pillow and smiled like a goofy teenager at the memory 
of being romanced by the man she had admitted to loving. She hadn't 
told him yet, there would be time for that, but the argument between 
her head and her heart while she waited for him to return from the 
tables full of food yesterday proved it was true. 

Jane walked out of her bathroom again, steam from the shower 
billowing into the room behind her. She toweled her freshly washed 
blonde locks and flopped on the foot of the bed. Lizzy smiled at her 
and nudged her with her foot . 

"What was that in the kitchen yesterday with Richard? I thought you 
were stringing him along." 

Jane blushed and handed Lizzy the hairbrush she'd grabbed from 
Lizzy's vanity before sitting down. 

"It was the pies, I think," Jane said and Lizzy snorted as she 
sectioned her sister's hair before brushing the spun gold mass 
gently . 

"I can't argue with that logic, can I? Darcy brought my plate 
yesterday and in the time it took him to get it I figured out that my 
plan to have a casual fling with him was such a dumb move." 


Jane turned, her eyes full of concern, and took Lizzy's hand. 

"How could you say that? It's clear as a sky blue day you both love 
each other." 


Lizzy shook her head. 

"That's why I said it was a dumb move. I know his charm and my 
weakness for it. I ought to have known I couldn't resist him 
now . " 


Jane sighed her relief and smiled at the expression on her favorite 
sister's face. 



"I don't think you'll regret loving him this time, Lizzy. This isn't 
like before and he's not a college playboy now. Richard was amazed at 
the Darcy he saw beside you yesterday. He asked me if you knew he'd 
be putting a ring on your finger before too long." 

Lizzy tried to hide the way her face lit up at Jane's words but it 
was useless to try and keep her emotions from the person she was 
closest to in the world. 

"That's both thrilling and terrifying. If Richard is right, am I 
ready for a commitment that serious? If he's wrong, how do I face a 
second rejection?" 

Jane turned away and Lizzy brushed her hair again, the silence 
between them comforting. A wedding to Will Darcy played in her head, 
everything perfect and beyond romantic. And then the wedding march 
screeched to a halt and she imagined Darcy walking away, her dreams 
shattered . 

Jane heard the heavy sigh as Lizzy finished with her hair and bounded 
off the bed, pulling Lizzy along behind her. 

"Shower, breakfast, and then some girl time at the spa in town. Then 
we'll go see daddy and you'll shake these crazy, confusing emotions. 
If not, we'll stop by the ice cream shop on the way home for good 
measure . " 

Two hours later she sat with Jane and sighed happily at the pampering 
of the spa staff. It had been far too long since she indulged in such 
a treat with her sister and today was the perfect day. 

Jane put her magazine aside and turned to Lizzy. 

"Do you think Georgie has an attraction for Billy? They seemed quite 
content to ignore the rest of us yesterday." 

Lizzy scowled at Jane. Just when she thought the day was perfect 
Billy's name caused her to bristle. 

"I warned him to leave her alone. She's too good for the likes of our 
small town sheriff cousin who thinks he's still the high school jock 
all the girls couldn't resist." 

Jane frowned at Lizzy. She knew Billy and Lizzy had butted heads 
since they were young. He'd been like Jane's little brother until 
Lizzy was born and the two of them vied constantly for her attention. 
Still, the thought that Georgie was too good for Billy rubbed Jane 
the wrong way. 

"Listen, Lizzy. I love you and I understand your concern about Billy, 
but he isn't a bad man. Full of himself, yes. On your case at every 
turn, yes. Not good enough for Georgians Darcy? That's taking things 
too f ar . " 

Lizzy stared at Jane and shook her head. How on earth could Jane not 
see Billy the way she did? 

"You're only saying that because he has always preferred you over me. 
You don't see his mean streak like I do. Besides, Georgie is probably 
only infatuated with him because of Roman. He is a beautiful 



dog . " 


Jane picked the polish for her toes and laughed at Lizzy. 

"Roman is a handsome fellow but Billy is too. Why do you think the 
ladies of Meryton still fall under his spell? He's tall, dark, and 
handsome and his high school physique has only improved with age. And 
he wears that uniform with ease and confidence. Billy Collins might 
be the bane of your existence, Lizzy, but he's one of the good guys a 
girl can find herself in love with after the first hello." 

Lizzy decided not to argue the point further with her sister and 
instead focused on Richard. 

"Speaking of a girl finding herself in love, give me the scoop on 
Richard. Don't hold back either because I'll know. Start with the 
kiss in the kitchen." 

Jane tried to act innocent and nonchalant but Lizzy wouldn't buy 
it . 

"Jane, this is me. Just be honest. Who else knows you like I do? You 
know you want to talk about him." 

Jane giggled like a schoolgirl and admired her toes while Lizzy 
waited for hers to dry. 

"He's probably perfect for me. We share the desire to make the world 
a better place and he cared enough to ask about my favorite pie. He's 
not wrong for being so handsome other women want him. But, I want him 
too. And I'm afraid once he knows that he'll lose interest." 

Lizzy nodded and wondered how her gorgeous older sister who traveled 
the world and never wanted for friends, the attention of men, or the 
blessing of a sweet personality that rivaled her beauty could feel 
insecure about her ability to have a lasting love. 

"I think you have to face that fear Jane, if you truly do want him. 
How else will you know if his interest will turn to more if you don't 
give him a chance? Besides, when mother finds out about him you'll be 
poring over wedding magazines and meeting with caterers and picking 
out dresses . " 

Jane arched an eyebrow in response and Lizzy laughed. 

"Better you than me!" 

They left the spa an hour later and spent the afternoon with Mr. 
Bennet . He would leave the hospital the next day and Jane assured him 
she would be there to bring him home. Lizzy shook a finger at him, 
reminding him to stay far away from the clinic. 

"You won't see me tomorrow until work is done. I have strict 
instructions in place with everyone to turn you away if they see your 
face near the clinic." 

Mr. Bennet sighed. 

"Lizzy, that's not fair and you know it. I've worked my whole life in 
that clinic just like you." 



Jane took up the cause. 


"Daddy, you'll return to the clinic when you've completed your 
therapy and even then, you'll take it slow. Mother is already worried 
and can't concentrate her efforts on getting her eldest daughters 
down the aisle. How can you be so heartless?" 

Mr. Bennet nodded his head in agreement, though there was a 
heavy-hearted sigh included. 

"Just know the minute I can get through those doors without a fight 
from everyone Lizzy is taking a break." 

Jane led her sister from the room before she could argue the point 
with their father. Lizzy still wanted the ice cream on the way home 
and Jane obliged. As they sat outside in the waning rays of sun with 
their cones, Jane thought about Lizzy's words of advice on her fear 
of falling for Richard. 

Never being one to miss a great opportunity, she decided she'd let 
him in slowly. But what if she had been wrong about him? Maybe his 
adult life had been about women and conquests, but a person could 
leave all that behind when they found the one they couldn't imagine 
being without. 

Jane wanted to be that to Richard but it was too early to tell. Why 
didn't men come with meters on their foreheads that let you know 
whether they were running hot or cold for you or only at the thrill 
of the chase? 

She rose from the bench and wiped the last of the melted ice cream 
from her hand, the words of Jane Austen buzzing in her brain. 

"_A lady's imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to 
love, from love to matrimony in a moment. 

Jane begged to differ. A gentleman's imagination was very rapid; it 
jumped from admiration to lust, from lust to conquest in a 
moment . " 


17 . Chapter 17 

Jane returned to her condo on the up and coming side of town that 
night and Lizzy decided to forego the series she had waiting on her 
DVR for a book about the Darcy estate, Pemberley. It was a huge tome 
full of pictures, modern and historical, and she secretly hoped he'd 
take her there one day. 

Her mother found her in the living room. "Lizzy, how are things with 
Mr. Darcy? You are behaving like a single, eligible woman, aren't 
you? Because if you aren't, please reconsider. The man is fabulously 
wealthy, the most handsome you could hope to find, and he is your 
father's business partner." 

Lizzy decided to keep the status of their growing affection a secret 
from her mother. There was nothing to gain but her mother's constant 
interference if she allowed that she was falling for him. "I'm 
convinced I won't marry unless it is a love match, mother. Darcy and 



I are only friends." 


RFGB crossed the room, her latest imported lace handkerchief 
fluttering in her hand as she complained of Lizzy's foolishness. Her 
parting words were of Mr. Bennet and how she must make the best of 
the business with Mr. Darcy. 

Lizzy sunk into the overstuffed sofa and propped her feet on the 
table. A light rain began and she turned her head to gaze out into 
the garden. She opened her book and read about Pemberley, the 
legendary estate of the Darcy family. The pictures of the home were 
breathtaking and the grounds impeccable. She longed to take an 
invigorating walk through the woods and stand upon the hills and see 
the home as though it were a small replica of itself. 

The men of the Darcy family, currently a few streets over and a 
winding hill away from her, would fit into such a setting with ease. 
Their facial features were reminiscent of proud landed and titled men 
of the family, and their perfectly muscled bodies lent well to a 
privileged life of the hunt and shooting. 

Lizzy laughed to herself as she thought on the many ways her mother 
applied herself to the engagement of her marriageable daughters. It 
would've been the same had they lived in England all those years ago. 
RFGB would've selected the Darcy men for them, she was certain, for 
their wealth far exceeded the holdings of the Bennet family. 

Lizzy closed the book, placed it aside and noticed her phone glowing 
as it vibrated to the edge of the table. She picked it up and smiled 
at the message. 

_It ' s late and I can ' t get your lovely green eyes out of my 

head. If I could only stare into them tonight, I believe I could fall 
asleep a satisfied man._ 

Lizzy arched a brow and thought before replying. 

_Do you believe I ' d let you sleep after the way you danced with 

me last night? _ 

She rose from the couch and hurried to her room. 

_We could dance barefoot in my yard if you wish, if it will bring you 
into my arms? I have a place here beside my heart where you fit 
perfectly ._ 

Lizzy sighed at the last sentence and was a moment from jumping into 
her car, hair piled on top of her head, her body clad in a ratty tee 
and boxer shorts, the look no one outside Longbourn Lane ever saw, 
for this man. Instead she messaged him with a heavy heart. 

_Maybe another night. Going to be busy at the clinic this week._ 

Her phone rang as soon as he'd seen her message and she laughed. He 
was going to try to talk her into his bed. His deep voice, a husky 
whisper, made her weak in some places. She fanned herself as he 
spoke . 

"Lizzy, you promised to see the sunrise with me, don't you 
remember? 



She did. And she was both relieved and frustrated over that 
situation. Her father had taken ill that night and it was likely a 
sign from the good relationship gods that she hadn't fallen so 
quickly into his seduction. The sound of him turning in bed made her 
ache to be there with him but this wouldn't be the way they started 
down that road, not tonight . 

"We'll see the sunrise together soon. You have my word." 

Darcy chuckled and began telling her all the ways he wished to show 
her the beauty of the dawn before the sun rose. Her face was a hot 
pink when he was done and she touched a cool hand to her 
forehead . 

"Goodnight, Darcy. Sweet dreams it seems are all that we have." 

She ended the call and leaned back against the pillows. Her body was 
ready to spring from the bed and drag her to his house anyway but her 
mind won that war. "He's yours. There's no hurry to give him what he 
wants , yet . " 

Darcy tossed and turned in his bed, aching for the lovely lady with 
the hot body and sexy green eyes. Tomorrow, he'd have to be all 
business at the clinic but tonight he'd wanted to tell her how much 
he loved her, feel her next to him, the skin of her body against his 
own. He rose from his bed and padded quietly to the master bathroom. 

A cold shower was the only choice if she wasn't coming to save 
him . 

Lizzy turned off her lamp and burrowed into the light sheet she 
preferred as a blanket in the summer months. As much as he tempted 
her, when Will Darcy got his wish there would be a lovely ring upon 
her finger and her last name would match his. 


18. Chapter 18 

Her Monday morning was the classic example of why people were always 
sad to see Sunday evening arrive. There was no warm water for her 
shower. The coffee maker was broken and her sisters were already in 
meltdown mode before they made it half way downstairs. 

She rushed outside before them and took pity on Mary once again. "Get 
inside now and don't look back. Mother can deal with them far better 
than you and I. The young won't eat their mother." 

Mary laughed as Lizzy sped from the drive causing gravel to rain on 

the caddy. The screams of her younger sisters could be heard the 
length of Longbourn Lane. 

The sky was an ominous sea of angry clouds and Lizzy felt their 
nervous energy. Her hair would look like a certain bride of a certain 

monster by noon. She forced a smile as she dropped Mary at the 

library. Her stomach growled loudly and Augie barked in reply from 
his spot in the rear of the car. 

Billy's cruiser pulled out of the clinic parking lot as she entered 
and Lizzy managed to tame the urge to roll her window down and yell 
at him. He'd made the most of his monopoly on Georgie ' s time at the 



cook out on Saturday. Not that the young veterinarian seemed to mind 
in the least. Now here he was stalking her at the clinic. 


Lizzy eased into her parking space and hoped there was at least fresh 
coffee on tap in the break room. She opened the back of the Land 
Rover and allowed Augie to cover her face in doggy kisses. He'd 
enjoyed staying at the house over the weekend and she was certain the 
maid at Bingley's place would be sad to see him return this 
evening . 

She hugged his adorable wriggling puppy body and took what comfort 
the canine could offer. She smiled as he looked into her eyes and 
barked. There was nothing better than a doggy best friend on a 
morning like this. 

Lizzy led him through the back door of the clinic and into the break 
room. Georgie was there placing fresh butter and a jug of cream on 
the table next to a mound of hot blueberry muffins. Augie went to the 
young woman right away and Georgie bent to give him the love he was 
sorely lacking since Lizzy's last hugs in the parking lot two minutes 
hence . 

Lizzy grabbed a small cup of coffee and the top muffin from the 
heavenly assortment. "Georgie Darcy! How did you know I needed these 
in my life?" 

Georgiana laughed and pushed the butter her way. "Believe it or not, 

I am an excellent baker. We found these berries at a farmer's market 
yesterday and I managed to hide enough to make those this 
morning . " 

Lizzy sighed at the first bite and felt her Monday shift from gloomy 
to blissful as the fruit burst across her tastebuds. Splashing the 
fresh cream into her coffee was an extra treat and she made a mental 
note to keep Georgie in her employ at all costs. 

Darcy walked in and Lizzy eyed him cautiously. He would be acting as 
their business manger for the next ten days. When he and her father 
had struck their deal, she hadn't imagined the scenario before them. 
As long as Darcy left her to do her work she could listen to boring 
financials and proposals he might wish to share. But that wasn't what 
she wanted from the handsome man standing far too close. 

She wanted moonlit nights under the stars, his lips on hers as the 
heavens shone brightly above. She wanted the strength of his body 
sheltering her as they sat on a blanket in town square on the fourth 
of July. 

Georgie took Augie from the room, his nose dangerously even with the 
table where the muffins sat, and promised to put him in a run. 

Darcy sat across from Lizzy and held her gaze. He saw the longing in 
her eyes and straightened his tie. In his dreams, she was pinned 
against the small refrigerator in the corner and he was tasting the 
sweetness of her lips. In reality, he struggled to maintain his 
composure. Business was business and playing with Lizzy Bennet 
wouldn't mix. 

"I'd like to spend the morning going over files and determining cost 
efficiency, and after lunch I hoped to see Georgie at work with 



you . " 

Lizzy finished her muffin and coffee before speaking. "I'd warn you 
that first part of the day will be boring but I forget its what you 
do. As for observing Georgie, I'm fine with that. She's amazingly 
good at her job for a new kid." 

Darcy smiled at Lizzy's easy praise of his sister and stood. "I'll 
see the two of you at lunch, then." 

He stopped by her chair and Lizzy gazed up at him, her confusion 
clear in her expression. 

He bent his knees and rested his hands on her shoulder. "The toughest 
part of this whole thing is going to be keeping my hands off 
you . " 

Lizzy blushed and he kissed her hard enough to make her head swim. 
"One for the road, " he said and hurried from the room. 

She led Georgie through an operation on a pet pig owned by her Uncle 
Phillips and then they helped two cats that belonged to Lizzy's aunt 
on her father's side. Billy had brought them in and Lizzy ignored him 
completely . 

Before their lunch break could arrive, a local farmer pulled up his 
horse trailer and Lizzy felt the tension creep into her neck. She'd 
preferred to work with livestock with the assistance of her father 
and this was a laboring mare. She recalled the words he spoke late 
one evening on a ride out to an emergency call from a local farm 

years ago. _There ' s a one percent chance a thorny problem will 

greet us, but if the problem is within us, it ' s one hundred 

percent a problem. _ 

He'd been trying to hone her instincts for veterinary medicine. There 
was the aptitude everyone who wished to practice the discipline 
required, but confidence and a calm demeanor set your patients and 
their owners at ease. 

Georgians seemed perfectly calm and helped the man get the horse out 
of the trailer. She spoke to the animal, stroking her mane quietly as 
the mare nuzzled her hand. 

Lizzy went to speak with the man and it soon became apparent his 
horse would require their neonatal expertise. The mare began her 
labor in the normal way but her contractions had weakened and 
stopped. This certainly was not the day she need her father to be 
away from the clinic. 

She assured the man and sent him inside to arrange for the horse's 
stay and helped Georgie guide the mare to her spacious 
stall . 

"Georgie, " Lizzy said as they examined their patient carefully, "have 
you much experience with our equine friends?" 

Georgie nodded in affirmation. "I grew up with several of my own. I'm 
not nervous at all. Excited would be a more accurate 
assessment . " 



Lizzy sighed heavily after the examination was complete and led 
Georgie about the stall explaining all the things that could go wrong 
and how they would manage the birth and hope for two healthy horses 
at the end of it. 

"We'll likely have to spell each other to cover the rest of the day's 
appointments until the clinic closes and then we'll be here until she 
delivers . " 

Georgie ' s face beamed brightly and Lizzy felt her nervous tension 
melt away. This amazing young woman would be all the help she would 
need. She left her with instructions to lead the mare about the stall 
and simply hit the red button on the far wall if things went downhill 
quicker than expected. 


19. Chapter 19 

The rest of the day passed in a blur and by evening when the mare 
needed them both the two women knelt in the stall watching their 
patient . 

"We'll take turns helping her during these contractions but it 
requires an inordinate amount of strength and endurance if the 
process becomes a lengthy one. We don't want that, we need to get the 
foal delivered as quickly as possible. Having two vets to alternate 
the work is ideal in this situation, so we're lucky there." 

Georgie held onto the mare, calming her with whispers and the 
rhythmic sweep of her hand across the chestnut mane as Lizzy watched 
for trouble at the business end of the process. She gave Georgie a 
thumbs up and motioned for her to hurry into position. 

"I hope the next contraction will do it." 

Georgie crossed her fingers and prayed Lizzy was right. She hated to 
see an animal in pain and the young mare had been a real trooper 
through this ordeal. 

Darcy stood at the barn door and quietly watched his sister and the 
woman he loved work the magic of their calling. He had no idea Lizzy 
was so strong, yet patient. Nor that Georgie had ever seen a horse 
born. His women were made of tough stuff and his heart leapt into his 
throat as he watched them help the foal into the world. 

They hugged like sisters and fussed over the mother and her new 
daughter. Lizzy began her post delivery exam, taking Georgie step by 
step through the checklist while instructing her assistants to stay 
with the mare for the next several hours. 

Darcy was quite pleased his plan was working. Georgie was happy here, 
truly happy. He'd made a good investment on the Bennet Animal Clinic. 
He hoped he'd get the second part of the deal he'd kept secret. He 
wanted to win Lizzy's heart. 

He turned away from the door and went to let Augie out of the run 
while Lizzy and Georgie cleaned up inside and settled the mare and 
her new foal. He thought of how he might contribute to the running of 
the clinic and recalled the proposals he'd come up with before the 
horse emergency rearranged their work day. 



He wanted to make the clinic the best it could be and he knew they 
could make more money, cut costs on supplies, and reach more 
clientele with a broader marketing approach. 

He'd save it for tomorrow. Lizzy and Georgie were exhausted and 
hungry and he focused on pampering them this evening. He made a few 
calls and within the hour Augie was safe at the Bingley place. A 
gourmet dinner followed by massage tables with fragrant oils by the 
pool awaited his two favorite ladies. He and Richard would catch the 
college football game while Lizzy and Georgie enjoyed their poolside 
treat . 

He wondered if he might be able to persuade Lizzy to stay the night, 
just this once. They could cuddle on the couch with the view of 
Meryton spread before them. And he could see the sun rise as it 
played against the fiery curls he adored. 

Lizzy and Georgie emerged from the barn in fresh scrubs. "Having 
those showers at hand is such a smart design, Lizzy." 

Darcy took each of them by the hand and led them to his sports car. 
"Greta has dinner ready and I have a special treat for the two of 
you . " 

Georgie relaxed in the back seat, her eyes fluttering closed before 
he could start the engine. Lizzy glanced at her and felt the bond 
between them strengthen. 

"She was perfect today. I was a little apprehensive when the horse 
arrived but Georgie handled it like a professional. She is a 
professional. I've known many vets in my life but she's going to be 
one of the greats. Mark my words." 

She leaned her head against the luxurious leather of her seat and 
covered the yawn that wracked her body. Darcy watched her eyelids 
flutter closed and gently kissed her forehead. 

Their relationship would be stronger after this test with the clinic 
was done, he knew it. Lizzy drew him in every way. Her brains, her 
wit, her bewitching smile, the way she dazzled him with her curves. 
The perfect package. 

But did she want him as much as he wanted her? He thought so since 
her lips could never deny the fact. Life here in Meryton was slower 
and her presence was important to the community. He wouldn't want her 
to leave it all but he did hope to take her to the family home in 
Derbyshire someday. Pemberley was a magnificent old house brimming 
with Darcy family history. 

He drove along the streets as darkness fell and began the familiar 
ascent of the Netherfied Park neighborhood. Charles and Char should 
be home this week and he smiled at the idea of Lizzy as her maid of 
honor at the wedding. A dress rehearsal of sorts for their own 
day . 

Or maybe he would sweep her away to a lush island and marry her on 
the beach, just the two of them. Their honeymoon could begin right 
away. He dreamed of that moment often since their moonlit swim that 
fateful day, her long curls loose as she sat on his lap listening to 



the waves lapping the shore. 


The wedding was all about the bride and groom and he preferred the 
intimate ceremony just for them and if she wished, they could throw 
another for the family in Meryton when their honeymoon ended. He'd 
marry her week after week in every venue she desired without a bit of 
argument . 

Darcy never did anything by halves and Lizzy Bennet was his prize. 

Her life would be what she desired. Here in Meryton or at Pemberley, 
none of it mattered to him as long as he saw each sunrise by her 
side . 

He parked the car and roused Lizzy with a soft kiss. She moaned and 
wrapped her hands in his hair, pulling him closer. Georgie cleared 
her throat in the back seat and Lizzy pushed Darcy away. She turned 
to Georgie, her face a distinct shade of tortured pink. "Time for our 
victory lap. Miss New Best Vet!" 

Georgie smiled shyly at her and waited until Lizzy exited the car to 
punch her brother in the arm. "Don't hurt her. She's my boss." 

Darcy laughed at his sister's remark but fell silent at the plea in 
her clear blue eyes. "Never. Not in a million years, Georgie. I 
swear . " 

Georgie stepped from the car and took Lizzy's hand, pulling her along 
as Darcy locked the car and followed them. 


20. Chapter 20 


Dinner was superb and Lizzy decided she could come to love having an 
accomplished chef on call. The life the Darcy family led was so 
different from her own yet they were as warm as her own family in 
their way. 


Richard kept them all laughing with his anecdotes of traveling far 
and wide with the nonprofit he and Jane adored. 


Lizzy watched him carefully throughout the meal. He was smart with a 
great sense of humor and a humility she hadn't seen at the cook out. 
He and Jane were a perfect match and she hoped her sister would come 
to the same conclusions. 


Georgie regaled Richard and Darcy with the details of the foaling and 
Lizzy noted the expression of pride on Darcy's face. His sister meant 
the world to him. It dawned on her how their relationship resembled 
more of a f ather/daughter dynamic than a sibling bond. 

After dinner, Darcy led them outside to the pool and into the capable 
hands of a masseuse team. 

Georgie sighed with deep relief as she lay upon the table and turned 
to Lizzy. "I warned my brother not to break your heart. Was I wrong 
to be so forward?" 


Lizzy's eyes flew open and she gasped. 

Georgie smiled and reached a hand across the space between them. 



"He's in love with you, Lizzy. Didn't you know?" 

In the silence that followed, Lizzy tried to formulate an answer to 
the question but didn't trust her ability to think coherently after 
the events of the day. Georgie squeezed her hand gently and she 
studied the young woman's hopeful face. 

She knew her own brother better than anyone, of that fact Lizzy was 
certain. But was Georgie only seeing something she wished was 
true? 

"And how many times have you seen your brother in love, Georgie 
Darcy?" she asked with a teasing tone hoping not to offend the young 
woman . 

Georgie surprised her with her succinct answer. "Never." 

Lizzy held back a yelp as her masseuse worked a particularly tense 
muscle. How had Darcy known just the thing she needed after her long, 
seemingly unending Monday? 

The idea put forth by her young apprentice played over and over in 
Lizzy's head as their pampering session continued. Darcy in love with 
her? He was attracted, that much was obvious, but in love? Lizzy 
couldn't imagine that to be the case yet. 

There hadn't been a declaration of exclusivity or any indication 
beyond his kisses of his feelings for her. He was a different person 
entirely since their college days but she had changed too. Rarely did 
anyone stay stuck in their twenties as much as they might wish it 
so . 

But he'd been by her side since that dinner with her parents. Lizzy 
hadn't considered his presence to be more than the simple 
capitalization on the opportunity she provided. He knew her feelings, 
she couldn't hide her desire for him when they kissed. She was a 
healthy, adult female with eyes after all. 

But the more she thought of it the clearer Georgie ' s words rang in 
her head. She was the one in love with him! The idea of it caused her 
to close her eyes against the world and tremble. 

The masseuse misread her body's reaction and asked if she was cold. 
Lizzy shook her head no but she was through with their session. She 
sat up with the sheet wrapped tightly about her and the overwhelming 
desire to run caused her to jump off the table. 

She gave Georgie the excuse of returning to the clinic to check on 
the mare and hastily dressed in the pool house. Her heart lodged in 
her throat, she left the pool through the back yard and hurried to 
the front of the house. She could walk to the clinic in ten minutes, 
tops, but her legs threatened to buckle beneath her. The combination 
of her long day, the decadent dinner with wine, and the massage had 
turned them to jelly. 

She hurried across the road and pushed herself to at least make it to 
the Bingley property. She could sit there on the corner and catch her 
breath . 


She heard Darcy's voice close behind and picked up her pace. She 



ought to have told him goodbye and not behaved as a thief in the 
night but Georgie ' s words had triggered her flight or fight 
instinct . 

She stumbled and fell hard on the sidewalk and angry tears flooded 
her cheeks. She bit back the urge to curse like a sailor. It didn't 
help the situation that Darcy arrived just as she surveyed the scrape 
on her knee. 

He bent without a word and took a handkerchief from his pocket. His 
touch was light and Lizzy was grateful for his silence. She could not 

have controlled her tears if he met her gaze or uttered a single 

word . 

He helped her to stand and wrapped her gently in his arms. There was 
no urgency in his embrace, no unrestrained passion. Only a tenderness 
that tipped the scales of her heart. She stood there with him in the 

hazy glow of a streetlamp and spent her tears against the soft fabric 

of his shirt. 

He led her back to the driveway and held the passenger door of his 
sports car open for her. Lizzy noticed there were no faces at the 
front door to bear witness to their departure and breathed a sigh of 
relief. She was mortified to face either Georgie or Richard ever 
again . 

Darcy held her hand as he drove her slowly back to the clinic. They 
went inside and he stood outside the mare's stall as Lizzy took 
report from her assistant and then sent him home. 

She returned to Darcy's side and gazed into his eyes. The words stuck 
in her throat and she bent her head hoping he would just leave her 
there. Instead he pulled blankets from a shelf nearby and spread them 
on a bale of hay against the wall across from the mare's lodgings. 

"We need to stay with her through the night, at least that's what 
Georgie said . " 

Lizzy sat with him and took his hand. "You're only here because you 
want to see the sunrise against my curls, remember?" 

Darcy laughed and pulled her against the warmth of his body and 
kissed the top of her head. "Something like that." 

Lizzy drifted off to sleep in Darcy's arms, her heart not as skittish 
as it had been earlier. Darcy tucked her head under his chin and 
gazed at the mare and her new baby. He knew the list of circumstances 
that meant he must wake Lizzy but for now he simply sat, her body 
limp against his, and allowed his mind to wander back to her escape 
from his house. 

Georgie had met him in the kitchen looking for Lizzy. Darcy sat two 
craft beers on the counter. His brows furrowed at his sister's 
questioning. "I thought she was with you," he said, pulling out a 
bowl for popcorn. 

Georgie yawned and called through the dining room for Richard. He 
strode to the kitchen door and grabbed one of the beers. Georgie 
turned to him, rubbing her eyes. 

"Have you seen Lizzy?" 



Richard opened his beer and shook his head. "Not since 
dinner . " 

Georgie scoured the rest of the house but Darcy was already out the 
front door. He saw her hurrying down the hill and knew something 
serious must have happened between his sister and the woman he wanted 
in his arms that night. 

When she fell he rushed to her side, wanting only to be there for 
her. No pressure, no romantic overtures, just protect and 
deliver . 

Why had she run like that? What could have propelled her from the 
paradise he'd constructed for her and Georgie? He'd talk to his 
sister tomorrow and piece it together. For now, he was satisfied to 
be by her side. He wanted to be her rock but this day had proven he'd 
need to take things slower, perhaps. He noticed a rope that hung 
beside them from a skylight above and he pulled it. He was rewarded 
with a slice of the heavens in all their glory. 

Maybe he'd get his wish to see the sun rise on those bewitching fiery 
curls after all. 


2 1 . Chapter 2 1 

Lizzy awoke in Darcy's arms and tried to think of where they were 
when the scent of the barn penetrated her exhausted brain. 

She rose quietly and crossed the floor to check on her patient. She 
smiled as the mare nickered at her and took a bite of the apple Lizzy 
held out. The filly was a beautiful copy of her mother and Lizzy 
delighted in her prancing steps around the stall. 

Rays of the morning sun slanted across the space and it would be at 
least an hour before anyone arrived at the clinic. Lizzy tiptoed past 
Darcy, stopping to pull the blanket around his shoulders. 

She left the barn and walked into the back of the clinic. Lizzy 
needed coffee and lots of it. She went to the break room and checked 
that task off her list. There were miraculously two blueberry muffins 
left on the table from yesterday. 

She took one and grabbed the coffee as soon as it stopped brewing. 

She wondered about their patient load for the day and went to the 
front desk to flip through the appointment book. 

Tuesdays were usually light and they had two open appointments for 
emergencies. She hoped for an easier day but knew never to count on 
such a thing. 

She wandered back to the barn with her bag and slipped into the 
shower. She sighed as the warm water eased her further awake, the 
strong spray releasing the last of her tension. Thoughts of the night 
before filled her head and Lizzy regretted having left on foot 
without a word to anyone. Poor Georgie likely rued the moment she 
brought up the L word during their massages. 


Darcy was sitting on the bale of hay sipping a fresh cup of coffee 



when she reappeared. "Did you save any water for me?" He asked as he 
admired the glow of her skin. 

She stepped toward him and he stopped her. "Stay there, don't move." 
She glanced around expecting a collision with a wriggly puppy, a 
buzzing mosquito, or her love-struck cousin. 

Darcy walked around her, nodding his approval and whispering sweet 
words as he went. The man had clearly gone mad over her. He paused 
his inspection and gazed into her eyes. 

His eyes strayed heavenwards and Lizzy followed his lead. The sun was 
streaming through the skylight and she laughed when she realized the 
joy on his face was about the sun in her curls. 

"It's not the way you planned it, I'm sure, but the ends justify the 
means don't they Darcy?" 

His eyes flashed with passion and he pulled her into his arms. The 
tender man from last night was gone and his lips demanded hers. Lizzy 
felt lightheaded at this kiss, it was stronger and demanded more than 
before. Georgie knew her brother and she was certain he was in love 
with her. 

Lizzy broke the kiss but Darcy shook his head and pressed her against 
the wall, his body pinning hers in place. Lizzy was lost in the 
stormy green of his eyes and gave in to the emotions he evoked with 
this virile display. His hands swept gently across her body and 
Lizzy's heart raced. 

She wished they were far from here, somewhere tropical in a darkened 
cove with waves crashing around them as they lay upon the sand 
learning the way to love one another. She allowed her hands to tangle 
in his hair, her need matching his. 

Voices carried across the parking lot and Lizzy parted from him with 
the tender aching between them a living thing tearing at her 
heart . 

She turned to face the mare and Darcy reluctantly left her with a 
whisper as her assistants came into the barn. Lizzy left them there 
after a quick once over of the mare and her filly. 

She drove to the Bingley place before the clinic opened and took 
Augie for a long walk. He was as rambunctious as ever but Lizzy noted 
his improved willingness to follow her commands and smiled at his 
progress. Maybe she'd still come over twice a week after Char 
returned to keep the sweet dog on his training schedule. 

She returned him to the maid reluctantly and made her way back down 
the winding hill. She wanted to call her father and crow about the 
mare. He'd understand how much the foaling meant to her but he'd also 
tell her she'd had it in her all along. 

Instead she parked and walked back inside her clinic, prepared for 
the day. Georgie was up front greeting their first patient and Lizzy 
smiled shyly at the young woman she'd left confused last night by her 
actions . 


Darcy was in her father's office on the phone and Lizzy lingered by 



the door, the comforting strength of his voice providing an anchor to 
her day. 

At lunch time, she sent Georgie out to lunch with the assistants and 
sat on the phone in her office talking to Mr. Bennet . 

"How's the slow lane daddy? Mother's driving you crazy no 
doubt . " 

Mr. Bennet chuckled before voicing his agreement. Lizzy had been away 
since he returned home and he felt as though he needed to book an 
hour with her just to see her every evening. They always closed the 
clinic together and it was his favorite time of day. 

"Mother's too busy arranging a luncheon for those ladies of the 
garden club. I'm sitting here at the dining table driving myself 
batty with this crossword puzzle. What's a five-letter word for 
anxious? Ends in a Y." 

Lizzy shook her head and considered his question. "Daddy, is this for 
the puzzle or are you trying to tell me something? Either way, try 
_ant sy . 

Mr. Bennet spelled it out as he wrote it down and Lizzy winced at the 
boredom in his tone. 

She wished she could leave for the day but they'd all spent some part 
of the night before with the mare. She wouldn't feel right leaving 
now . 

"I'll see you tonight for dinner, I promise. I hope to sleep in my 
own bed too . " 

Her father grew quiet while she recounted the foal's arrival and the 
way they all pulled together until she was safely delivered. 

"It was so strange, daddy. You know you've always been at my side for 
these cases, except when I was still in school at AU, and I kept 
glancing around to catch sight of you." 

He sighed into the phone and Lizzy regretted her moment of 
weakness . 

"I'll be back before too long, Lizzy. It's good to know you did just 
fine without me." 

Lizzy bit her lower lip and swallowed the tears that 
threatened . 

"Yeah, but a girl still needs her daddy at her side once in a while, 
even when he thinks she's strong enough to carry the load on her 
own . " 

Mr. Bennet made a noise in his throat and Lizzy's heart melted. If 
she hadn't heard the receptionist checking her next patient in she 
might have fled to Longbourn Lane and sat with her father doing 
crossword puzzles. 


22 . Chapter 22 



Lizzy was eager to leave the clinic once the last patient drove out 
of the parking lot, but Darcy called her into her father's office 
closing the door behind her. 

She wondered at his serious demeanor and sat in the chair beside the 
desk watching as he paced before the lone window. She could see the 
barn from her seat and made a mental note to check on the mare before 
she left for the day. 

Darcy turned and stared at her. Lizzy had a feeling he wanted to say 
something and it wasn't going to be anything like the sweet nothings 
he'd whispered in the barn that morning. 

"I've been going over the inventory and ledgers for the clinic today 
and found several areas we can improve. I've carefully considered 
them and wanted your feedback." 

Lizzy bristled in her seat and forced herself to hear him out. She'd 
known this moment was coming and had allowed herself to allow her 
attraction to Darcy to go too far. 

He crossed to the desk and arranged three invoices so that she could 
see them as he began addressing the first one. 

"This invoice is for the company that supplies the various feed 
required by the clinic. After a bit of research, there are several 
other suppliers that offer far more competitive pricing and benefits 
your current supplier does not." 

Lizzy watched his lips move and knew the fault rested in none but 
herself. Her father had only been thinking of a way to lighten her 
burden for the day he stepped aside. Darcy had only been thinking of 
having his sister nearby and working in a successful practice where 
she could become part owner one day, a reasonable expectation Lizzy 
understood . 

She had been the one to think she could play games with Darcy and 
keep his mind off the business side of the Bennet Animal Clinic. His 
obvious attraction and subsequent wooing kept her blind to the 
reality. The one she knew would come the moment she stepped on the 
porch the night of that business dinner and found him to be the man 
standing with her father. 

She listened as patiently as possible to his talk of profit margin 
and business theory, the numbers and the inevitable changes that 
would come but she wouldn't agree to them. 

He stopped talking and sighed as he held up the third sheet of 
paper . 

"Lizzy, I know these changes might seem drastic or difficult, 
buta€ 1 " 

Lizzy stood and placed her hands on the desk, leaning closer to his 
face . 

"It isn't that at all, Darcy. The changes you suggest are 
ill-informed and made without understanding the type of practice my 
father and I have worked hard to establish. You aren't a veterinarian 



so of course you can't apply the reasoning behind our methods when 
you review the business decisions we've made." 


She turned to walk out of the office when he met her at the door. 

"I know you don't believe anything needs to change in the clinic and 
I could say that self-serving notion comes from your lack of 
understanding of business principles." 

Lizzy's eyes flashed in anger as she stood eye to eye with the man. 
She wouldn't back down and he could forget about changing any of the 
issues he'd proposed. 

"You don't know a thing about me. Will Darcy. And you certainly have 
no grasp of how a business that is built on customer satisfaction and 
appreciation runs. We deal with people and the companions they love 
as much as their human families, sometimes more. The suppliers and 
support chain we have in place work perfectly. We make a handsome 
profit without cutting corners on quality and service. It's not 
broken and we're not fixing it because you want maximum 
profit . " 

Darcy swept a hand through his hair and Lizzy crossed her arms. 

"I know plenty about you Lizzy Bennet and I should have known better 
than to let myself think we could have a romantic relationship. You 
despise the fact that I am about the profitability of any given 
business. You are stuck in some misguided notion that improving the 
business side of this clinic means quality suffers. Has quality 
suffered since my sister came on board?" 

Lizzy pushed past him and marched down the hallway, her anger 
propelling her forward. Darcy called after her but she kept going. 

How dare he bring their relationship into the discussion? And the 
worst part was that she knew it was her fault. She could have easily 
kept him at an arm's length but his interest in her had colored her 
judgment . 

She crossed the parking lot and threw her duffel in the back seat and 
sped out of the parking lot without a glance in her rearview mirror. 
She would return later and check on the mare before she went to walk 
Augie. Char would be back by Friday and Lizzy dreaded fielding her 
questions about Darcy. 

Halfway home the strobing lights of a cruiser caught up to her and 
Lizzy knew if it was Billy she might end up in jail before the day 
was done. 

He sauntered to her window and stood staring at her. "You know dang 
well you were driving too fast, Lizzy. I've been behind you since you 
peeled out of the parking lot." 

"Look, Billy, now is not the time. Trust me. Give me the ticket or 
let me go. I'm not in the mood to be the highlight of your 
day . " 

Billy pulled out his ticket book and wrote slowly, grinning as cars 
passed them slowly. "Everybody in this town thinks you're so sweet 
and innocent. The noble veterinarian with the rich boyfriend. Well, 
judging by the look on his face as you drove away I'd say he'd not 



your boyfriend anymore." 

Lizzy snatched the ticket from her cousin and yelled at him to hush. 
"You can rest assured your days with Georgians Darcy are numbered. 
Darcy doesn't want some hick sheriff climbing into the family tree, 
especially not one as annoying as you." 

Billy laughed and Lizzy balled up the ticket and threw it on the 
floor of her Rover. "Looked to me more like he doesn't want to deal 
with a spiteful, angry woman anymore. Man like him could have his 
pick . " 

Lizzy turned on her blinker and checked for traffic before pulling 
away and leaving her cousin on the side of the road. Char and Jane, 
and even Georgie, were welcome to their romantic goals. Lizzy was 
through with men. 

She parked next to her mother's old caddy and hurried inside to see 
her father. She wanted nothing more than to watch a baseball game and 
drink a beer with him until dinnertime. 

She messaged one of her assistants to have them check on the mare 
before they left the clinic and promised a Saturday off if they would 
walk Augie afterwards . 

Her father was indeed watching the game and Lizzy slumped on the 
couch next to his recliner. Mr. Bennet glanced at her from his seat 
and she noted the lemonade in his hand, a reminder of his recent 
scare. He cleared his throat and glanced her way. Mr. Bennet was 
shocked to find his tough as nails daughter crying silently, the 
tears highlighted by the flickering light from the television. 

He rose slowly from his chair and went to sit beside her. Lizzy 
swiped at the tears, disgusted with herself and the emotions that 
pulled at her heart. 

Mr. Bennet placed an arm around her and sat quietly until she was 
ready to talk. Lizzy breathed deeply to calm her nerves. She hadn't 
wanted to bring this mess home to her father and dump it in his lap. 
Yet, being in the same room with him always grounded her, helped her 
find her center. 

"I'm afraid Darcy and I had a terrible argument this evening. He 
wants to change things at the clinic but daddy, he hasn't the first 
clue what he's talking about." 

Mr. Bennet sighed deeply. He knew it would come to this. Mr. Darcy 
was a business man. He dealt in facts and figures and not in the less 
concrete variables of dealing with life and death. 

"He called before you pulled into the driveway, Lizzy. He wanted to 
apologize for hitting you with all those facts and figures right now. 
From now on, he and I will discuss those issues with Ellis." 

Lizzy stood from her spot on the sofa and paced before the 
television. She tried to remain calm with her father. He only wanted 
the best for her but having Darcy make changes that affected the 
level of care and the excellence of their customer service was the 
entire problem, not that he'd discussed it with her. 



"Any ideas put forth that would change how we do business should be 
run by me. I'm not upset with him for discussing his ideas, 
half-baked as they are, I'm upset that he thinks we can cut corners 
and compromise our record for the sake of profit. I won't stand for 
it, daddy. The sign out front says Bennet, not Darcy." 

Mr. Bennet patted the sofa and encouraged her to tell him all about 
Darcy's plans for the clinic. 

"We do have a business deal but he doesn't hold the deciding vote. He 
can't change a thing Lizzy, unless we agree with him. I would never 
have put the clinic in that situation." 


23. Chapter 23 

Lizzy drove slowly to the Bingley place the next morning. Her head 
hurt from one beer too many when the baseball game ended in extra 
innings. She didn't regret it. Sitting with her father cleared her 
head in a way she'd missed since he'd been away from the clinic. 

She parked and picked up her phone just as a text from Char came 
through . 

_Be home tomorrow !_ 

Lizzy tapped out her reply and hit send_._ 

_Augie will be so happy, me too!_ 

She put her phone away and hurried to give Augie his workout before 
beginning her day at the clinic.When the maid opened the door, Augie 
ran to her happy to see his walking buddy. Lizzy clipped on his leash 
and led him across the driveway and down the hill instead of their 
usual uphill route. She didn't want to risk meeting Darcy so early in 
the day. 

Augie whimpered at the change in plan but soon adjusted when the 
scent of a squirrel distracted him. The morning walk soon became a 
jog and Lizzy was drenched in sweat by the time the Bingley drive 
came back into view. 

Darcy was there with Lola and Lizzy halted her steps. Had he walked 
his sister's dog this far in hopes he would meet her on neutral 
ground? 

She held Angle's leash firmly as he wriggled and barked at the sight 
of their unexpected visitors. If she'd only been a few minutes 
earlier she could have avoided him for the rest of the day. As it was 
she followed Augie to his side. 

"Good morning, Lizzy. I hoped I might find you and Augie out early 
this morning . " 

Lizzy nodded but avoided his eyes. 

"He's doing so well I think I might continue our walks at least once 
a day even after Char returns . " 


Darcy held Lola gently and bent to ruffle Angie's ears. The lab 



melted like butter at his touch, rolling over and offering his tummy. 
Lizzy sighed at the display. Dogs could not be counted upon to hold a 
good grudge . 

Darcy stood and turned to her, his eyes warm and inviting. Lizzy 
glanced at her watch and turned to take Augie inside. She'd need a 
shower after their morning exercise. 

Darcy stepped closer and she held up one hand. 

"I don't want to start my day this way. I need time to think. Let it 
sit for now, we can talk about it later." 

Darcy waited until she'd gone inside with Augie to release the breath 
he was holding. He knew they were going to continue to lock horns 
over business. He should've known to keep his heart out of it but it 
was far too late for that. He turned and took Lola back up the hill, 
his mind unsettled by the distance between them. 

Lizzy showered quickly and ate breakfast with the maid. Char would be 
home tomorrow and the woman was busily dusting and cleaning the 
already spotless house. Lizzy watched her move abut the kitchen with 
grace and ease. 

"Thank you for breakfast, " she said as she placed her dishes in the 
sink. The maid smiled at her shyly and Lizzy turned to Augie. He was 
happily chewing on a rug by the back door. 

"I'll take him with me today, if you don't mind," she told the maid 
whose sigh of audible relief made Lizzy laugh. 

She leashed Augie and led him outside, hoping Darcy wasn't lurking 
nearby. He obviously wanted some kind of truce between them but she 
decided keeping her distance for the time being was the best 
option . 

Lizzy stopped for a coffee and snagged a treat for Augie before 
gliding into the parking lot of the clinic. She winced when she saw 
Billy's patrol car by the front door wondering what on earth he was 
up to now. She took Angle's leash and let him loose in the 
run . 

Lizzy noted the red sports car parked in her father's spot and 
hurried her step to enter the side door. Richard was in the hallway 
and Lizzy smiled a genuine smile for him, it wasn't his fault his 
cousin was on her naughty list at the moment. 

Richard followed her to the break room and Lizzy offered him a cup of 
coffee. She wondered why he was here so early in the day and decided 
he was hoping to see Georgie in action, he was as proud of her as 
Darcy, or he was keeping Darcy company. She was wrong on both 
counts . 

"Lizzy, I'm here because Jane sent me. This fight between you and 
Darcy last night got a lot further than Bennet Clinic." 

Lizzy stared up at him, her green eyes stormy with emotion. 


"There was no argument because each side has to have a point and he 
didn't have one that made sense. End of story." 



Richard tried to hide the smile that played at the corner of his 
mouth but failed miserably. 


"Sounds more or less exactly like his side of the story over 
dinner . " 

Lizzy turned her back on Richard and studied her schedule for the 
day . 

"If you'll excuse me, I'm busy this morning and your cousin and I 
have agreed to disagree for the time being." 

She grabbed a warm apple fritter that must have been another of 
Georgie ' s creations and left the room before he could say another 
word . 

At lunch, she sat alone in her office after refusing to go with 
Georgie to the cafe around the corner. She pleaded a headache 
instead. It wasn't too far from the truth. 

She could hear the deep, masculine voices drifting from her father's 
office and wondered at their conversation. Probably discussing the 
blasted argument again. She got a glimmer in her eye and rose to move 
quietly down the hall to eavesdrop. She almost turned back at the 
last minute but their words pulled her forward. 

Darcy was laughing and Lizzy couldn't believe the words she heard 
fall from his mouth like so much malarkey. 

"I don't think she's a suitable match for you, Richard. Her sister 
keeps me on my toes and it gets a bit exhausting if I'm honest. But 
Georgie does adore her so that's a huge plus. You might find a better 
match outside Meryton and your mother would be happier without a 
flighty personality wandering in and out of her home." 

Lizzy couldn't believe her ears! How dare Darcy counsel Richard on 
his feelings for Jane? And she was exhausting? Indeed! 

He might be devastat ingly handsome, completely irresistible, and have 
more money than God, but he didn't have a lick of sense when it came 
to her business. It dawned on her that the self-centered, 
all-important, insufferable college boy had never left, not 
truly . 

She stomped away from the door not caring if they heard her. She left 
her last three charts for the day with the receptionist and asked her 
to call them to reschedule. 

She stormed out the front door instead of risking a run-in with 
Darcy. She let Augie out of the run and left the parking lot on foot 
since her keys were still inside. 

"Let's go home boy, I know there's bound to be ice cream at your 
house . " 

Darcy rose when he heard footsteps outside the office and decided it 
must be Lizzy. He wasn't eager to confront her during her work day. 
The last thing he wanted was a repeat of yesterday's stormy 
goodbye . 



"As I was saying Richard, Lola's sister is far more high-strung, if 
you can imagine, and she is not the dog for you or your mother. 
Perhaps you ought to wait until you see where your relationship with 
Jane is headed before you commit to a dog." 

Richard nodded, his expression thoughtful. 

"I guess I've been itching to get a dog ever since I saw that sweet 
little lab of Bingley's, he's more my style." 

Darcy nodded. 

"Bingley will be back tomorrow. Augie is Char's dog but I bet she 
wouldn't mind if you took him to the park a few times to get a feel 
for the breed . " 

Richard stood and glanced at his watch. He had a lunch date he didn't 
want to miss. 

"Jane's meeting me for lunch in a few, do you think Lizzy might join 
us? I have a feeling the two of you need supervision until this 
argument is cleared up." 

Darcy sighed and followed his cousin into the hallway. Lizzy's office 
was empty and the receptionist told them she had left for the day. 
Darcy's brow furrowed and he asked after Mr. Bennet . 

"Is her father well? Maybe I should go by there to be sure." 

The receptionist shrugged her shoulders and turned the pages of the 
appointment book. 

"He's supposed to be back next week for the afternoons only and Mrs. 
Bennet called this morning to make sure I didn't book him too 
heavily . " 

Darcy frowned and thanked her before leaving the clinic with 
Richard . 


24 . Chapter 24 

Lizzy left Augie in the Bingley backyard and hurried inside the only 
refuge she could think of. Her father would wonder why she wasn't at 
the clinic if she went home and her mother would pepper her with 
questions over Darcy. Staying at the clinic and facing him wasn't an 
option either. 

The maid was out, likely shopping or picking up dry cleaning, and 
Lizzy helped herself to the gourmet ice cream selection in the 
freezer . 

A pint of strawberry cheesecake as she sat before the afternoon 
offering of cable TV did little to soothe the anger in Lizzy's heart. 
She was mad at herself as much as Darcy. 

One disagreement, one argument, and he was cautioning his cousin 
about becoming involved with her sister and dishing on her as though 
she were high maintenance. 



Nothing could be further from the truth but that fact didn't ease the 
sting of his words. She wanted to speak with her father and persuade 
him the Darcy siblings were not a necessity at the Bennet clinic. But 
she adored Georgie for her work ethic and her personality. It 
wouldn't be fair to penalize her because of her jerk brother. 

She'd stay put until the clinic closed and then head home. Lizzy 
didn't really want to upset her father's business deal with Darcy but 
she wouldn't continue to work with the man after today. Either he 
stayed away from the clinic or the whole deal was off. And she'd warn 
Jane about Richard too. 

She grabbed her phone from the end table and sent a message to her 
sister . 

_Darcy not to be trusted. _ _Maybe not Richard either. _ 

Lizzy's heartsank at the words on the screen and she bit back the 
tears she'd known would come. Jane answered right away and Lizzy 
wished she'd gone in search of her instead of holing up 
alone . 

_Where are you?_ _Having lunch with Richard and Darcy. He wants to 
know why you left the clinic. _ 

She ought to have known Jane would be seeing Richard as much as 
possible before either of them left Meryton on another trip. Lizzy 
thought for a moment and decided to return to the clinic and grab her 
car while they were busy with Jane. 

_Can ' t talk about it now. I ' 11 see you later. _ 

She carried her ice cream carton to the trash and grabbed Augie from 
the fenced backyard. If they hurried, she could get her things from 
the clinic without even seeing Georgie. Lizzy's conscience bothered 
her at that thought. Georgiana Darcy was the opposite of her brother. 
Maybe there was a way to keep her while shoving Darcy aside? 

Lizzy knew better in her heart, the siblings were far too close for 
her to never see Darcy again. But what would it matter? Any 
relationship they might have pursued was lost now. She had no 
intention of allowing her heart to win this argument with her 
head . 

She and Augie entered the back door of the clinic ten minutes before 
the lunch hour was done. She heard Georgie ' s voice drifting from the 
waiting room and hurried into her office pulling Augie along. He 
jumped up and barked as Lizzy grabbed her keys from the desk. 

She shushed him and closed the door to her office. Augie heard 
Georgie ' s voice in the hallway and scrabbled at the door, a low whine 
that built into a howl giving away their position. 

There was nothing for it after that display and Lizzy laughed in 
spite of herself. She ought to have left him in the run before 
sneaking in for her keys. 


Georgie knocked on the door and Lizzy opened it with one hand while 
she tried unsuccessfully to keep Augie by her side. Georgie bent to 



receive the copious doggy kisses and glanced at Lizzy, her smile 
reminiscent of the one her brother sported. 

"I thought you'd gone for the day. The receptionist gave me your last 
three patients and I was excited to be the only vet this 
afternoon . " 

Lizzy didn't want to appear rude but she stepped into the hallway as 
Georgie stood and pulled the office door closed behind her. 

"I'm sorry, Georgie. I don't want you to think this is something I do 
often. I just have to leave this afternoon and I figured you'd be 
fine on your own. I should have spoken with you first." 

Georgie took Lizzy's free hand in hers. The expression of gratitude 
on her face made it increasingly harder to lie by omission. 

"I'm ready for this, Lizzy, truly. I'm so happy to be able to fill in 
for you. Please, enjoy the afternoon and don't worry about me. This 
is what I've been wanting. You're the most amazing mentor a young vet 
could have." 

Lizzy hugged the young woman quickly and nodded. 

"You can do this, Georgie. I know it. I have to run, but I'll be here 
tomorrow and you can call me after work if you want to talk about how 
your afternoon works out . " 

Georgie waved to her and Lizzy hurried out the back door, her eyes 
peeled for the little red sports car. She hurried to her Range Rover 
and wrestled Augie into the back. 

She wanted to message Jane to meet her but she'd wait until she got 
home. She backed out of her parking spot and took the alley exit 
behind the clinic. As she checked her rearview, Darcy's car turned 
into the parking lot and she pulled into the alley before he might 
see her. 

Pleased with herself for avoiding him instead of engaging in what 
would be a horrible fight, she turned up the radio and cruised slowly 
towards home. Hopefully her mother would be out and she'd have time 
alone with her father before the rest of the family came home. 

She knew RFGB wouldn't be happy over the split with Darcy before 
they'd even gotten serious and if Jane and Richard came to naught, 
she'd be blamed for that too. 

Her father was in the porch swing when she pulled into the driveway 
and Augie barked and thumped his tail against the rear window. Lizzy 
shook her head at his exuberance and thought how she'd miss the silly 
mutt once Char returned home. She thought back on the past two weeks 
and knew she'd make time for Augie in her schedule. She truly was his 
Auntie Lizzy now. 

Her father stood and walked to the edge of the porch, his face a 
study in concern. 

"Lizzy, what are you doing home this time of day?" 


She let Augie out and watched as he ran to her father. He bent and 



ruffled the fur between Augie ' s ears. 


"Come sit, boy," he said and Augie followed him much to Lizzy's 
surprise. He sat at her father's feet and placed his head on his 
front paws. His clear, brown puppy eyes drooped and he was asleep 
before Lizzy set her foot on the bottom step. 

"Daddy, we have to talk about this business deal with Darcy. It isn't 
going to work." 

Mr. Bennet patted the seat beside him and shook his head. He'd known 
his most headstrong daughter was going to disagree with Mr. Darcy 
once they were made to work together and he regretted it had happened 
so soon. 

"Both myself and Ellis will be back in the clinic come Monday and I 
will call Mr. Darcy this afternoon and ask that he refrain from 
coming in the rest of this week." 

Lizzy played with the strings to her scrub pants and chewed her 
bottom lip, a sure sign there was more to tell than the practical 
disagreement between them. Mr. Bennet took one of her hands forcing 
her to drop the strings. 

"Spill the beans, young lady. This is more than the argument you two 
had yesterday." 

Lizzy sighed deeply and her voice trembled as she told him of the 
conversation she'd overheard earlier in the day. 

"He had no business interfering with Jane and Richard simply because 
he and I had a difference of opinion." 

Mr. Bennet wondered at Lizzy's recounting of the event, he did not 
approve of eavesdropping as a rule but he knew his daughters were 
well versed in the art of such nonsense. 

"Mr. Darcy has a practical, acerbic side to be sure but I have a hard 
time believing he would speak of you and your sister in such a 
manner, Lizzy. And in the clinic too? Why would he and his cousin 
discuss you and Jane within earshot?" 

Lizzy stood and leaned against the porch railing, her hand going to 
her hair. She gathered it slowly in her hands and pushed it back into 
the hairband on her wrist. 

"Darcy has another side, daddy. One I witnessed first hand in college 
and should've kept in front of me despite his charm. _That _Darcy 
would say exactly those words." 

Mr. Bennet rose from the swing and patted his leg while clucking his 
tongue to a now awake Augie. The pup stood at attention and glanced 
from Lizzy to her father, his face a comical blend of 
confusion . 

"I'll speak with him about your concerns . The clinic can't run 
properly without you and there's no pressing need for him to come in 
every day. I do strongly suggest you approach him about the 
conversation you _overheard _and allow him to defend his actions 
before you wash your hands of the man_. 



Lizzy took his place on the porch swing as her father turned and 
opened the screen door with Augie at his heels. All she needed was 
for Darcy to disappear from her life at the clinic. She didn't want 
his explanations or excuses for the words he'd carelessly spoken to 
his cousin. 


End 
f lie . 



